In this video, I wanted to go over a trading strategy using the 4-hour and 5-minute charts. If you watch the recent videos, you'll know that I am using an hourly and 1-minute chart to trade. I'm using the hourly chart for the bias, and then the 1-minute for entries. I've had a couple of comments saying that this doesn't work for everybody, which I completely understand. Not everyone is able to sit at the charts all day. So, I've actually been looking at using slightly higher time frames for this strategy. So, we use a 4-hour for bias, and then a 5-minute for entries. Now, by trading this way, it is easier to know exactly when we need to be at the markets. So, for me in England, I would be trading the 6:00 a.m. candle, the 10:00 a.m. candle, and the 2:00 p.m. candle. So, every single one of those 4-hourly candle closes, we are able to look for trades. That just helps us understand when we should be sitting at the chart. So, in this video, I'm going to go over the strategy as well as some trade examples. And we're also going to back test a month's worth of trades. So, let's just get straight into it. Now, like I say, the strategy is very similar to the hourly 1-minute, but we are using the 4-hour chart here on the left, and then the 5-minute for entries, just giving us a little bit more time to look for each trade. But, the actual theory behind remains the same. There's just a couple of differences to bear in mind. But, really, what we're looking at is how the previous 4-hourly candle has closed, and then we are looking to take a trade based on that. So, if the previous 4-hour candle has closed bullish, we are looking for buys during the next 4-hour candle. And if it's closed bearish, we're looking for sells during the next 4-hour candle. The only thing that's slightly different is we do have to consider more how the previous 4-hour candle has closed. So, with the 1-minute chart, we can be a little bit more aggressive. So, even if we don't have the cleanest close. So, this sell, for instance, here. If this was on the hourly chart, we are able to look for an entry on the 1-minute because we are in and out a lot more with the 1-minute chart because we're scalping. Now, the 5-minute is a low time frame, so we are still scalping. However, entries on the 1-minute were more likely to be in and out during the hourly candle. Whereas, entering on the 5-minutes, we do have to consider key levels, and we're looking for clean body closes. So, really, what we're looking for is closes like this where price is clearly pushing up. We can see that each 4-hour candle has closed bullish, and we don't have any areas of rejection to worry about on the 4-hour chart until I'd say here. So, we're able to be taking these buys all the way up here cuz we've got an area where price actually goes around. We can see that there, giving us space and giving us room to be taking trades. Where we wouldn't be taking buys and sells is in areas like this where price is just moving sideways or when price is trapped in ranges. We want to see price break out of these areas and have some nice 4-hour candles in order to trade where we've got space before hitting any key levels. These are the things we have to consider on the 4-hourly as opposed to the 1-hour where we're able to get involved in a lot more trades. So, we are clearly looking for price to be trending. So, we wouldn't be taking trades in areas like this. We are taking into consideration wicks as well. So, if we're looking to buy, we don't want to see a huge top wick on the 4-hour candle. We want to see candles like this that we got on Friday. We're going to get into some back testing shortly where hopefully I can elaborate a little bit more. Let's just look for some of these entries down here. Now, with the 1-minute strategy, I was looking for lower lows and lower highs, and then a shift, and then a break of a high. It's a little bit more straightforward on the 5-minute charts. Really, we're just looking for breaks of highs. So, let's look here, for instance, on Friday. From 2:00 till 6:00, we have a bullish candle close. So, price opened there at 2:00, closes there at 6:00. So, when the 6:00 a.m. candle opens, we are just looking for a high to be broken. We've got a level to put our stop loss below. We are buying because of how the previous hourly candle has closed, and we've got room on the 4-hour to continue up before hitting any key levels. So, when the 6:00 a.m. candle opens, which is here on the 5-minute chart, we are looking for this high to be broken. We're still going to go for a 1:2 risk to reward, go in break even at 1.5, and that would have been a winning trade. And then the next 4-hour close would be the 10:00 a.m. candle. So, when we get to the 10:00 a.m. candle, we're looking for a break of a high again. Now, one thing to consider is, just like on the hourly strategy, we do need the current hourly candle to be in line with our trade in order to enter. So, So, here at 10:00 a.m., we're looking to buy. We're looking for the previous high to be broken. We don't break that high. We actually start making lower lows and lower highs. So, now we have to wait for price to push up and be green on the current 4-hour candle that we are trading. So, we've broken the previous high. We are bullish on the current 4-hour candle. We can see that there. We'll be able to enter the trade once we are bullish on the current 4-hour candle. Our stop loss would be below. Now, with the hourly 1-minute strategy, I was looking for a maximum 10 pips. We are able to increase that now because we are using the 5-minute chart for entries. So, in order to calculate stop loss, we can look at the average range of the previous few candles. So, if we look from 6:00 a.m., we measure this candle out. That one's around 30 pips. So, then if we measure the next one, it's around 37. And then the next one is around 40. So, we know the average range of the each 4-hour candle. So, because of that, we want to be able to get a stop loss where we can double the size of the stop loss in that 4-hour candle because we're going for a 1:2 risk to reward. And we can see that price is moving enough during one 4-hour candle to get to that 1:2. So, we need it to be moving 30 pips. If our stop loss is 15, we need to double that. So, if we can get 30 pips out of one 4-hour candle, we're able to take a trade with a 15-pip stop loss. It's all about the average range of the candles. Ideally, we want to be in and out of a trade during one 4-hour candle. So, we need to show that price can move that much during a 4-hour candle based on how much the 4-hour candles have moved previously. So, once the 10:00 till 2:00 4-hour candle has closed, we're looking for the same thing. We're looking for price to give us a level to work with to put our stop loss below. So, with this one, our stop loss is around 18 pips. I'm still going to use half and whole numbers for the stop loss. And then this one, we do sit in for a while, but really, we can see what's happened. Even though we're making higher highs and higher lows, and previously, I was looking for the opposite for that shift to trigger in. With this strategy, we are looking for those higher highs and higher lows. So, the three 4-hour candles I trade are 6:00 a.m., 10:00 a.m., and 2:00 p.m. After that, I'm not looking for any trades just because those 4-hour candles are during London and New York, which are the sessions that we have the most volume in. So, then the next candle we're trading is the new 4-hour. Now, with this one, we can see that we do close bullish, so we're looking for buys. The current hourly candle at the time would be bullish. So, the entry would be something like this with a 9-pip stop loss. And we can see on this one that we do get stopped out. Obviously, this isn't a 100% win rate strategy. But, after we've had this bearish candle close, when it comes to 10:00 a.m., I wouldn't be looking for sells off this because, like I've said, with this strategy, we're looking for really clear candles. So, we want to see candles like this and candles like this. We don't want to see indecision candles, a hammer candles, or anything like that. If we do have a wick on a candle, it has to be at the bottom if we're looking to buy. We want to see a close like this. We can't be looking for buys if this candle had a huge top wick on it. So, like this morning, we do close bullish. So, from 2:00 till 6:00, we have this bullish candle. However, that has got too much of a top wick rejection for me. We're also just trapped in this range. If price breaks out of this at 10:00 a.m., we can potentially be looking for buys if we can get in and out or at least break even before hitting this 4-hour area of rejection. Now, with this one, this did actually work, so I marked it out this morning. So, even though we've had this not very nice body close, and it's not something I'm going to be trading, we can see that once price pulls down and gives us a wick, once we break that high, we can set our stop loss below where price gave us this wick. And then by the time of entry, we would be bullish on the current 4-hour candle. So, that would have been a 1:2. However, I won't be taking trades like that because we can see we've got this top wick rejection. We're also trapped in this area. We don't want to be taking trades based on those 4-hour candles. So, you can see that we've been trapped in this range, but once we start making this gap and breaking below this area, we can be looking for sells here. We can see how price works around these areas. This is what we want to see. Price moving in these swing patterns as opposed to price just moving sideways. So, even though there have been no entry during all of those 4-hour candles on GU, you can be looking for this on other pairs as well because it's just a strategy based on price action, so it happens on every pair. into some back testing to hopefully illustrate this further. What we're going to do is we're going to go on this random number generator, and we'll figure out the month by putting one and then 12, and it's four. So, we're going to trade in April. And then the furthest we can go back on TradeZella is 2013. So, I'm going to do that. 2013 2025. So, it's going to be April of 2023. So, let's go back into TradeZella. Let's create a new session. It's going to be 4-hour 5-minute April 2023. And then symbols, we're going to do Great British Pound US Dollar. And we're going to go 2023 April. We're going to do the start up until the end. And then we're going to do 100K to see if we can pass a challenge. Create session. And then pretty much the same process. So, delete volume, split screen view, 4-hour on the left, 5-minute on the right, advanced order, 1%, auto break even at 1.5. And then yeah, let's just skip through. See if we get any trading opportunities at 6:00. So, we have closed bearish. We can see that there. Now, one thing we need to consider more with this strategy is we have been pushing down now for 16 hours. So, I'm not actually going to be looking for a sell here even though we have got this gap where price has moved around. We are clearly trending down. However, we do have to be a little bit more picky with these trades. It's not like the hourly strategy where we can get involved in pretty much anything. Do take into consideration how much price has pushed previously. So, I'm not going to be entering there. We're going to skip through, see what happens. So, we would have got that top wick. We're looking for price to break a low, but like I say, we're not in this. Um price continues up. So, that's why we don't take trades based off such a bearish push because we are hoping to get in when the move is pretty much already happened. So, let's just wait. Hopefully, we will close bullish here at 10:00 and then we can look for buy opportunities. Now, what we want to see is price come down and create a wick on the 4-hour candle, which it has done there. It's only a small one, but if we can break above that high, the entry pattern's a little bit different here than it is on the 1-hour 1-minute strategy. So, we are just making higher highs and higher lows. So, let's see if we can get triggered into this one. So, triggered in. Price pushes up and there's a 1:2. So, now just like with the hourly 1-minute strategy, I won't be taking anything during that same 4-hour candle. I've taken one trade for the 4 hours, so let's just keep going until 2:00 now. So, 2:00 p.m. is when the next 4-hour candle opens. It's just opened, but we are off the back of this huge bullish candle, so I'm not looking to buy here because for me price is just pushing into this area. We just have to be a little bit more picky with these trades. So, for me there's no buy opportunity there. This candle's a little bit too big. I want it to be Well, it was part of this move, but we want to see more average-size candles. You will get kind of used to the 4-hour candles we're looking for the more you trade this strategy. So, like look at all these sell candles here. These are all really nice candles to be selling, apart from this one really. It's got a little bit of a bottom wick. However, we have got this gap. We're not pushing into an area of rejection until I'd say around here. So, it's really just about looking at price action on the 4-hour and then making a decision based on that. So, I'm not interested in this buy because I think this candle's pushed too much. And we're pushing into an area of rejection. So, there's actually no more trades for me today on GU because it doesn't matter what happens now. I'm not going to be looking to buy this candle. I'm also not looking for reversals. I'm just looking for continuations. And obviously, this is the 2:00 p.m. candle, so we don't trade anything after that. So, we just get through. Obviously, at this point you could be looking for potential trades on other pairs that you trade and I will be back testing more pairs going forward. Now again here, we've got an indecision candle. Let's move that. We've got an indecision candle. It looks more like price will go down because we've rejected off this area, but we cannot trade based off the previous 4-hour candle. It's just an indecision candle. We stay away from trades like that. What I'm hoping will happen now is the 6:00 to 10:00 candle will close bearish, gives us a nice-sized body, and then we look for rejections off this area. So, let's get forward and see what happens from the 6:00 to 10:00 candle. We actually ended up pushing bullish, breaking above this area. So, potentially we can be looking for buys here. Let's see if we get an entry. So, here's the 10:00 candle open. We've got a level to work with even though these are sideways moving markets. This strategy is a little bit more like higher highs, higher lows. That's all that matters. So, we'll put our stop loss below that level, go for the 1:2, put the buy order in, see if we get triggered in. Now, just like with the 1-minute strategy, I am looking to get triggered in fairly quickly with this one. So, we've gone to break even there. What I don't want to see is I don't want to see price start moving sideways and messing around. And just like the 1-minute strategy, if price breaks below this level, we're no longer interested in the trade. So, we've just got to see price hold this level, break the high, and then we'll be triggered in. Now, that one was break even, so what we're going to do is we're going to keep moving forward. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to continue back testing this for the rest of April, and then we will be back at the end of the video with the results. Okay, so that is back testing completed. We had a gain of 11,000. We took 22 trades, which was a little bit higher than I thought just because price seemed to be ranging a little bit. And I was thinking while price is ranging on GU, we could obviously be looking at other pairs to trade provided that we have got that confluence of currency strength, which is always important with most trading strategies really. Had a win rate of 52.63%. But obviously, we are going for a 1:2 risk to reward, so it was profitable. So, our Zela score is 74.96. If you have a look into the reports here, you'll be able to see everything about the breakdown. So, average winning trade was 2,000. Average losing trade was just over 1,000. 1:2 risk to reward, risking 1% of a 100k account. 22 trades, 10 winners, nine losers, and then three break evens. Max consecutive wins was three. Max consecutive losses was two. So, if we look into the day and time, we'll be able to see our most profitable hours. So, 6:00 a.m. was our best-performing hour, so that first 4-hour candle when the trading day is just getting started. So, if we look at how long we were holding each trade, average time was an hour and 27 minutes. So, yeah, a good month overall. Obviously, there will be losing trades. There will be slower months as well where we could look at other pairs. I will be back testing other pairs with this strategy as well. So, hopefully you enjoyed the video. Like I said, this strategy is more for people who can't sit at the charts all day. I did have some queries about higher time frames using the 4-hour 5-minute, so I thought I'd look into it. I'm going to be looking into this more and doing more back testing videos. So, don't forget to subscribe so you don't miss those. If you have any questions at all, please let me know in the comments. Uh thanks very much for watching.