My open range breakout trading strategy is unstoppable. I grow accounts. I withdraw profits. And my dog Honey can confirm this. Look, I use range breakouts of confirmation of trend direction. I get a pullback to my area of interest and I collect my profits withdrawing over 700,000 this year so far. Now, I don't promise or guarantee any results, but I will show you my exact trading process with real life trading examples to show you why I believe this is the best trading strategy for Forex, futures, indices, crypto, everything. So, smash that like button, subscribe to the channel, watch for free VIP access codes hidden throughout the video, and let's win some trades. Step one of my strategy is to set the range. I'm on the 15minute time frame on Trading View. I have my time at UTC minus4. Just copy that. We have the 9:15 candle right here. The candle we care about is the 930 candle. This is the New York Stock Exchange open candle. We're going to use this to set our range. So once that candle is closed, we simply set the top of the range with the top wick and the bottom of the range with the bottom of the wick. And this is our trading range for the day. Now we come to the 5-minut time frame. Here we simply want to see if the candle is going to close above or below the range. And you can see we just had the candle close above the range. Right there, giving us our trend confirmation for the day. We want to place some buy trades. Where are we going to buy from, though? That comes next. But before we get into step two, comment below and tell me what characteristics you have that think you'll be a profitable long-term trader. Let's be positive today and I'll give three of those comments free access to my VIP room. Okay, for step two, we're talking entries. This is probably the most important part and we're really measuring the impulse. So, you could see right here, we get a big impulsive move out right here. On a move like this, we're probably going to enter at the top of the range. So, we would be going long from here. Now, let's say the move is less impulsive. Let's say it's kind of a medium move like this. Well, then you're probably looking to enter at the range midline going long from here. And maybe your move is really, really weak, something like this. And then you'd be looking to enter at the range bottom line. All determined by the strength of the impulsive move outside of the range. Now, ideally, you have additional confluences like on this one here. Maybe you have a level of demand down here, which is just a big impulsive move of multiple green candles in a row. That's entries. Now, let's get back into our trade here with step three, trade management. So, we need to figure out where we're going to place this trade, right? So, let's continue to watch the move play out and see exactly what we get. If you're a viewer of this channel, you already know what you're seeing. 1 2 3 4 5 six green candles in a row. an impulsive move creating a level of demand on the red candle before the big push up. So now we have a level of demand. We know this is a good demand because we also have a fair value gap right here and another fair value gap right here which tells us we had some incredibly big buyers pushing the market up. So on this trade we had a huge impulsive move out of the zone. So generally we would be looking at the top line right here. But I want to get in at demand because demand is always a strong level. So I'm going to put my long right at the top of the demand. I'm going to target recent price. Something like this. You can see we hit this level over here as well. And for my stop loss, since I'm entering near the range midline, I'm going to put it below the bottom line and below the demand. This gives me a riskreward of 2.67. And as we continue to play this out, you could see we're tapping into the trade right there. The candle closed in the demand zone, which is exactly what we want to see. That means the demand zone is likely going to hold. And we can continue to watch this trade play out as it goes all the way up and eventually smashes my takerit at this level right here. Now, I'm going to give you three quick rules so you lose less trades with my orb trading strategy and then we'll do some live trades. Rule number one, no massive range. When we see big, huge candles giving us a big range, the orb does not catch that price. As you can see, it didn't catch price here, here, or here. Stick to trading a smaller trading range. Rule number two, don't catch big candles. Look, you get the push you want, but the big candles smash your stop loss. Get the smaller candles, have a little bit of slow and momentum, and then you're going to win the trade. And rule three, earlier is better. You get the break early, you get the retest early, and you enter the trade. You don't want to be waiting all day for the break, and you don't want to be waiting all day for the retest. As soon as it hits 12:00 p.m. Eastern, forget about it. Now, you're ready for some trading. But before we do, if you're wondering where I trade, I trade with the AAFX broker. The spreads are low, the commissions are low, the conditions for trading are fantastic, and registration is absolutely free. So, click the link in the description right now and let's trade. Now, I'm going to show you some live trades I've taken recently using this orb trading strategy. The first example is trade with the trend. The second example is something we should all learn from. And the third trade is the counter trend trade. So you know how to use this in all market conditions. All right. So on trade one, you can see price is starting to trade above that 200 period EMA making a big separation. So we are trading with the trend. Next thing we have is our range creation. Right? We've got the top of the range right there and we have the bottom of the range right here. I'm already on the 5minut time frame and I already got a small break out the top right here. You can see the price pulled back pretty quickly and I really I could have got into a trade right here. Then we had another break and I could have got into the trade down here as well, but I was being a little bit more patient this morning waiting for more of an impulsive move. And there is that impulsive move, right? We got 1 2 3 4 five green candles in a row. We had multiple fair value gaps. Another here, another here, showing us that we had really strong buyers at this level. So, we have a demand zone on the red candle before the big push up. And because our move out the top isn't incredibly impulsive, we're happy to let the price come down where all the way down to the bottom of our level here. So, you could see here we had a couple of candles that was a big red candle. So, I was a little bit concerned, but it closed in the demand and then I waited for a positive response. I didn't enter right away. So you can see right here I waited for a positive response and then I entered and you could see we respected that demand zone. We started to push the price up. We started to get the reaction that we wanted with some big green candles and then we were all the way up to the takerit right here. And as an additional level of confluence, I'm always marking from the swing low to the swing high just like this. and just making sure that I'm entering my trade below that 50% mark in our discounted price zone. Now, I want to show you a trade that I placed that we can learn from because it was a bad trade. It was a trade that I lost. So, you can see here we were in a huge uptrend here on NASDAQ. We had a massive pullback and that pullback broke the market structure here. So, I was thinking when price would come up to my supply zone here that we might push down, but really it was going against my own rules, right? What's that rule I always tell you? Don't trade a massive range. And you also shouldn't be selling from the bottom of the range, right? We should be selling from the top of the range. So, I lost this trade, but the next day I actually came back really strong. Why? Because I followed my rules. So, look here. Here we have it. A much smaller range, a clean break to the bottom, a strong level of supply that got tapped near the top of the range, and then price cascaded down, and I made up the profit on this trade that I lost on the last one. For our third and final trade, we had a huge downtrend right here. So, this was a counter trend trade. Let me show you how I approached this in the markets. And I won a boatload on this position, let me tell you. So the first thing I did is I drew my trend line from the top here. We had many touches of that trend line. So I'm looking for that trend line to get a break and close. Okay. So let's zoom all the way in here and see what's going on. Well, you could see we already have our range set up right there. So let's draw the top of the range. Let's draw the bottom of the range. And we're waiting for the candle to break and close. Look, break and close above our range and also through our trend line. Two reasons for us to buy. This is telling us we may have that market reversal now to the upside. So, let's continue to play this out and see what's happening. Look, huge, huge candles. We're talking massive fair value gap in right here. So, we've got big buyers at this level. Now, you might be saying, Pat, why aren't you drawing that demand just on the candle body? Well, one, it's a small candle, and two, because we have the top of the range. So, I want to be tapping in to the top of the range, right? That way, I'm using the top of the range as a support along with my demand. So, I'm simply waiting for the price to come back down. And because the price is such a high move up, we want to target the top of the range, not the bottom of the range. It's not going to get there. So on this candle right here, you could see it tapped the demand. It tapped the top of the range and it shot up immediately. I was already into the trade at this moment. Now, at this point, it decided to use my trailing stop indicator. This one right here. So, I didn't really have a set takerit here. Okay? But I'll leave that box up for you to see. And let's play it out. You could see right here, the price is being contained. What it's being contained right here by that indicator. This is the trailing stop indicator, right? And we only want to exit the trade when the price comes back through that level. So you could see right here, price is pushing up. I had a level of resistance right here. You could see this was a resistance level. Price reacted off of that resistance level and pushed down on that candle, but I was holding the trade. We didn't break through. We were just continuing. And then we did break through that level. So, I felt pretty good about that level right there. And then price pushed up. Now, I didn't exit the trade here. Okay. Still tracking this trailing stop line right there. And so, I'm playing this position out. And you could see right here, we're still doing quite well until there. We broke through it right here. I stuck with it a little bit and then I decided to exit the trade on this candle right here. Now, I did have a consideration of waiting for price to come back to this support level right here, but we're already one, two, three red candles in a row. I wasn't sure if this level would catch. So, based on the price action, I decided to exit the trade. And that was a good decision because you could see price pushed down aggressively after that with more red candles. And if I play this out, it pushed down even further. So, I made the right decision and made a good chunk of change on this position. So, if you have any questions about my orb trading strategy, leave a comment below, smash the like button, subscribe to the channel, join my VIP trading room. We are nine wins and one loss in our last 10 trades. I'm in an open VIP trade winning right now. So, join the room. Watch this video right here. Definitely watch this video right here. And I'll be back next week. Much love. Up.