One of the most important things you should do as a trader every single day is go to the charts and zoom out and analyze via top- down analysis what the larger point of view trend is as well as develop a daily biased. Okay, why do you need a daily bias? Well, some people will argue having a bias in trading is not a good thing. You don't want to go into that day being bullish or bearish. But I would argue, especially after 9 years of trading and teaching over 6,000, pushing 7,000 students, that having a daily bias is what's going to give you the conviction in your trades on that smaller time frame. And conviction is what prevents you from doing something like just impulsively entering, right? It gives you the patience to wait for your ideal entries because you have so much conviction in that larger point of view trend. You've done the analysis. You've developed the story of what price is doing and where price may want to go and you now have the patience and ability to wait for price to get to your ideal entries. Wait for your plan to develop because you've done the work to develop a bias and produce your conviction when you zoom into smaller time frames. If you don't have that, if you don't have the confidence in your trade plan from that larger point of view, that's when I oftent times see traders impulsively enter trades and they just have no idea why. They are just entering because trend now looks like it wants to reverse up or trend looks like it's going down. So, they're just trying to jump on anything they can potentially get. Um, that's oftentimes where I see traders really lose it and they just feel like they're lost. Why? Why are they lost? because they have no idea what's going on with these three time frames. They're absorbed on 5 minute, 1 minute, some even 15 seconds. So, that little rant is now over. Welcome to the Peachy Investor YouTube channel. If you guys are new to this channel, our goal with the Peachy Investor is to simplify complicated topics when it comes to the stock market, investing, and day trading. Specifically, this channel focuses heavily on day trading, but we are going to be providing more content with other analysts on the team. So, if you do something like, let's say, swing trading or more long-term investing, there will be more content. So, stay tuned. But if you guys are interested in day trading, specifically day trading futures, that is our bread and butter. That is what we heavily focus on. And all of our content is really geared towards teaching you simple concepts that have been around forever, guys. This is all based on price action, and price action is king. All these fancy indicators and strategies are based around price action. So once you learn that, how to read price and analyze a chart and develop a bias off of that, then adding everything else is just going to be icing on the cake. So our job is to teach you what works and ignore all the other noise. All right, so with that being said, let's dive into classroom topic for today, which again is top-own analysis and developing a daily bias. So in order to understand trend, you have to have data to work with. This is oftent times where traders are going wrong. you are zoomed in and that day has just started and you don't have any data to work off of. Which is why zooming out to larger time frame is key because you have data to make an assumption via we are in an uptrend or downtrend. But just know you've got your high and then price moves up and it pulls back and then you have your higher low. So when we start to form things like higher lows, we are in a bullish uptrend. The opposite can be said for bearish, right? So when price prints, let's just say market opens and then we move down, price pulls back up and then goes down again, what do we have? We have a lower high. We've got a high and then a lower high. This is basic market structure, right? But again, if you are just on today's price action and you're not observing yesterday's price action or what happened, you know, last week, in my opinion, you're doing yourself a disservice because you're not taking in all of the data. And the more data you have to make an assumption if we're in an uptrend or downtrend is crucial to whether your trade has the probability to work or not. Because if we are in a minor downtrend on let's say something like a fiveinut chart, right? But the 1hour chart is in an uptrend. Do you think that you are trading with a trend? If the five-minute chart is technically on a downtrend, aka pulling back and the larger one-hour trend is still in a strong uptrend, do you think you are doing your best by trading with the trend taking shorts? Do you think you're going to have the best opportunity of making the most money that day and not getting chopped out if you were taking a short on something that a five minute looks like it's in a downtrend, but the 1 hour is on an uptrend? Do you think that's the right thing to do? I hope you said no. um because you were technically fighting against that larger point of view trend. That is why it's so important to zoom out. So, let's start by analyzing a trade that I just took on oil and I'll break down how I did my top down analysis to form my daily bias, which was bearish. All right, so I needed to scroll back. This trade was from November 20th. I was attempting a short on oil. This was actually my second attempt, but that day overall I was going into it with a very bearish biased point of view based on my top- down analysis. I was able to form that bias. I'm going to walk you guys through step by step exactly how I did that, why I came to that conclusion. So, first I just wanted to point out the picture that I posted. At that time, November 20th, this was 10:35 a.m. And I wanted price to come back up to 602, which was a KPL I had. And I just want to clarify because I know a lot of people always have this question. KPL stands for key pivot levels and that is just going to be dependent on your strategy. So for example, if you are a supply and demand trader, then a supply zone is a KPL for you. For me, I trade a mixture of things, which I do explain throughout my YouTube channel, but I just want to highlight everything on YouTube is completely free. So if you want to sort through all those videos, you can definitely piece together how I find my KPLs. I will show you guys an example in today's video. But if you do want this material A to Z and you want it in a fast and easy to digest format as well as these trade plans and KPL's done for you, you guys are more than welcome to check out Peachy Trading School. More information is in the description box down below. We also have analysts who do live market analysis as well every single day. So if you want more of that handholding, I just wanted to mention that. But KPL equals key pivot level. and how I found that. Like I said, I'll break down some of those KPLs for you guys in just a minute, but we're starting first with top down analysis and how I developed my daily bias. This picture showed us coming into 602 and then looking for a rejection down. Um, I had actually been looking for a potential larger point of view short on oil for 2 days. So, this trade took a lot of patience. Okay, I really want to highlight that because a lot of times you have to realize, let me move off and go to oil here. When you guys are day traders and you're zooming out to something like a 4 hour or daily, sometimes that means that trade's not going to play out that day. Why? Because you are looking at price that has taken 4 hours to develop a candle or one day to develop a daily candle or multiple days. Right? So oftent times day traders have the problem that when they do see these trade plans that they want to happen, they are so hyperfocused on those smaller time frames and they're not patient enough to let price go to where you need it to go to take that optimal trade. That's why setting alerts is extremely important and something that again a lot of traders just don't have the patience for. They don't have the ability to sit and wait for this plan to play out. Right? I had that plan of 602 and again this was November 20th. So I just want to highlight um the day that I was trading. So that was right in here. This was November 20th, right? And so that melt off was very nice. But again, it didn't just happen the minute that I looked at the chart, right? I had to allow price to play out in this sense. It actually was over a 2-day period. But the first thing I want you guys to do is I want you to zoom out and I want you to look where price currently is at. So, since we were looking at November 20th for this uh trade idea that was right in here, I was looking to see where is price now relative to prior price action, right? And that's helping me determine how far back I need to go. Okay, price is right in here. So, therefore, I needed to look left and look at this range because that's the one that we're in. And I'm just going to do things like observe where price currently is relative to the overall trend. We have our low, we have our high and now we are ranging down. We are printing what? Lower highs, right? We have got a high and since then we have printed lower highs. So overall we are in a downtrend, right? And then we have broken an uptrend as well. So you can branch off, but overall these higher lows that were forming have now broken and the higher lows have broken. Therefore, I am bearish biased based off of that assumption alone. Now, I'm going to start to layer things in. I don't go just off trend lines. I don't go just off support and resistance. I don't go just off market structure. It's all a puzzle and you're putting the pieces together. And just to make this a little easier to visualize, I wanted to put a circle around right when I was looking to take oil short. Okay? And then we'll go back out just so this is easier for me to reference. Um, I was looking, let me go back. 10:36 a.m. So, right in here. Okay. We're on the 1 hour candles, but right in this area was when I was looking to take oil short. And you can see it worked very, very nicely. We had a huge meltoff not far from there. But I just wanted to do that. So when we zoom back out, there we go. We can easily see where I was looking to take that short. Okay. So, one thing that I was observing is I like to branch off my trend lines. Since price was right in this area when I was looking to take that trade, what data do I care about most? Well, I care about the current range that we're in. and that previous data. Yes, I am going to take it into consideration. But what I do is I like to clean my chart as I'm moving into smaller ranges and time frames. I'm observing that larger point of view chart. So, I'm observing the fact that we are making lower highs in this range. I'm observing the fact that we have a trend line here, right? But as I continue with my, you can leave that there if you want. But as I am continuing to zoom in to get current data here, I don't really need this in my opinion. I know I know what's going on. We're not near that trend line, so I don't really need this trend line. I like to keep a very clean chart, especially when I'm doing top down analysis. So I am observing these things, but I don't necessarily need them as I work my way in. So now I want to go closer. Why? Because price is right in this area. So, I want to now zoom in from the 4 hour to the 1 hour because I want to get more data. As you're zooming in, what's happening on the chart, aka us being in a downtrend and us breaking um market structure and stuff isn't changing. You're just getting more data. So, that's why it's important to develop your bias on a larger point of view chart so you don't get confused when you start to see more data. So, you can see that we had this move down, heavy selling pressure, we came back up and what have we done? We have failed to break this high. So, aka we are making lower highs. Same thing here when we came up and flushed down and we started to trend up. I am now under the assumption that we will not break this high because we're continuing to make lower highs. Aka, I want to jump in on that downtrend. We are in a downtrend. We have bearish market structure and I want to be on the right side of that trend when I'm zooming into smaller time frames. Therefore, I was looking for a short. Okay. So, now we went from a 4hour to a 1 hour chart. Same information here, just more data. We've got heavy selling pressure. We've got our lower highs. High, lower high, lower high. And then I was looking for another lower high to jump in on another leg down. Aka, that was why I was bearish biased. I was bearish biased because of what the chart was telling me as I zoomed out. Okay, now that we are on the 1 hour chart, what I like to start doing is marking out KPLs. Remember, those are key pivot levels. Now, these can be various different things. For me, the first thing I like to do is draw multi-touch point levels. Okay, this is where price has reacted off of a level multiple times and it's reacted with significance. I don't mean that price has consolidated. Do you see how price has moved off of this area? And you're just trying to connect as many dots as possible or points of interest as possible. Okay? And by doing this, this is an art form. Technical analysis is an art form. Meaning, I can have a level on my chart that is different than somebody else. A trend line is also subjective. I could have my trend line somewhere like, you know, I could have a downtrend like this. Oops, I need to grab my trend line. I could have it like this, right? Somebody else could say, "No, this is the right one." And I personally like to draw multiple trend lines, but that's just part of the puzzle. Okay? I don't take a trade just because we are near a trend line. I don't just take a trade just because we're near a KPL that we're about to draw. So, remember, this is all things that I will tie together as we move along. is looking left. I would like this level right in this 60 area because why? This was prior support here, here, here. Okay. So, you see how I'm connecting all of those points of interest. And then I'm also looking as I'm moving this to see if I can connect as many points as possible. So, let's draw just right in here ballpark. Okay, you can see this is prior support. You see how these big candles are wicking off? we kind of lost the significance as we moved through here. But recently we have wicked off of that level again. So we'll just draw a KPL around 60 and also 60 is a psych level, a psychological level. Okay, usually your fives and your zeros, 60, 65, 50, 55, those are considered psych levels. All right, we're now going to a 15-minute time frame. And I did change the time frame to 10 days since we are a little bit past this trading day. I want to get more data to show you guys what I was looking at. Now looking left here you can also see a pattern. What is that pattern? When price has come up previously here, here, here and here. What did we do? We saw significant selling pressure. Okay. So you can technically draw a range or another key level. You can also see that we had clear sellers here. Why the huge drop off? So I'm going to draw one more key level that connects as many of those resistance points as possible. So right in this area you can see that we had prior sellers. Now again I had a 602 KPL from another part of my strategy but just looking left and connecting multiple touch point levels you could have gotten that level on your own. Also I'm going to teach you guys something else that you can add in which was another reason I was looking bearish biased. Go to wherever you add your indicators and type in simple and choose simple moving average. You're going to have one that shows 200 and one that shows 50. I didn't change anything else. I just changed this right here to 200. And then that's blue. And then I changed this one to 50. And that one's purple. Okay, we're going to bring up the 50 and the 200. Now, I only use these on larger time frames. So, let's go to the 4our and let's zoom in. So, the 50 and the 200. Okay, it'll change based on what time frame you were using them on. So, for example, if you're on the daily, it's taking 50 days or 200 days. If you're on changing it to a smaller time frame, it would technically be considered a bar or some people call it a period. I'm not here to get in the weeds with what's the correct term. But if I accidentally say 50-day and I'm on a smaller time frame, just know that as you move to a smaller time frame, it's no longer 50 days worth of data. It's technically 50 bars worth of data just based on what time frame that you are using. Okay? So, it will change. That means these change as you change time frames, but I really like them over a larger time frame like a 4 hour and a one hour. And so I was taking into consideration, let's bring it up one more time. We actually have um Goose in our group, our analyst. He created a custom indicator for members, which makes my life so much easier. It automatically calculates these levels on a smaller time frame and they are still being um calculated on that larger time frame because I only like to use them on a 4 hour and a 1 hour. And when I zoom into a five minute, I want them to stay from a 4 hour and 1 hour worth of data. This indicator does that. So if you guys ever see colored lines on my chart like a purple and a blue, that's those SMAs from that larger point of view. Okay. So as you can see on this chart that I posted, we had these SMAs, the 50 and the 200 right at 59.81 and 59.992. What I wanted to see is exactly what happened in pre-market. We caught resistance and sellers at that level. I wanted to see us as that 1hour candle was closing. I wanted to see us continue to hold resistance under those SMAs. Why? Because they're a great way for you to dictate from that larger point of view chart if we are bearish or bullish. Okay? If the SMAs if the purple is below the uh blue aka 50 is below 200 and again I've taught this on other videos on my channel, then I am seeing that we are in a bearish trend and I should be looking for shorts especially if we're rejecting those SMAs, okay? which is exactly what we did. Look at what price did. This is right when I was looking to catch that short. You see how price tried to move over the SMAs but got severely rejected. Seeing how price was reacting near those SMAs from that larger 1 hour and 4 hour was helping me stay confident on the smaller time frames to continue to look for shorts. Even though the fiveminut time frame, I'm going to zoom in. Even though technically on the 5-minute we were in an uptrend, I still wanted to look for shorts because that larger point of view chart 1 hour and 4 hour was telling me that structure was still bearish. Therefore, I need to be looking for short entries if I wanted to stay in sync with the larger point of view chart, aka my daily bias was bearish, aka my top down analysis was bearish. So, when I'm zooming into smaller time frames, I'm not getting confused by seeing this small uptrend, which is just overall a pullback for that larger trend to continue, which was down, which was bearish. And look at that meltoff we got. I mean, look at this sell-off. It was absolutely beautiful. And again, I had multiple confluences, multiple KPLs. I had my own custom KPLs, which are my golden ratios. They're mathematical levels that I use to help determine when we are retracing into a range where I think price will pivot from. So, it's more specific and very to the tea levels. I mean, look at that reaction off of that level. And then I have other things to layer in like I taught you guys with multi-touch point levels as well as these um SMAs, which I consider all of those KPLs, key pivot levels. And my best A+ trades are when KPLs are aligning in the same range together because that gives me a higher probability that we are likely to reverse off of that range as long as price is showing me that this is a very bearish rejection candle. Therefore, price is showing me there are sellers near my KPLs, aka perfect time for me to look short near that level as long as we keep rejecting. All right. So on the 4 hour we are rejecting that 60 psych level as well as that multi-touch point level that I drew with you guys as well as the SMAs. Here we have the 50 below the 200 which is a bearish sign, a sign of weakness. We have been under for quite some time. And you see how price continues to reject and fail to hold above. That's just continued signs of weakness. Right as we move into the 1 hour, what did we do? Right when I was looking to sell, we had the 50 cross back below the 200, which is which is a death cross if I can talk. Um, but that's what I was looking for. I was looking for that failure. That failure that the 50 was not going to hold the 200 on the 1 hour. And that combined with my KPLs made for a perfect, it was an A+ trade. I have not been taking very many day trades lately, but when I see a setup like this, I I'm absolutely going to go heavier in size. And it worked out really nicely. One thing I do want to highlight and emphasize is these SMAs work better on the 4 hour. When you get on the 1 hour, you're going to get a lot more fake crosses. So, I take my bias for those SMAs off the 4 hour, but I will observe the 1 hour when it comes to helping my entries. And also, when it comes to my day trading, my entries are on the 5minut. So, I am analyzing 4 hour 1 hour. I don't use the daily too much, but I will observe it if the 4 hour isn't very clear to me or the 1 hour is too choppy. I would say most of my time is spent on the 4 hour. All right, I cleaned everything up. I added back my KPL here. And you can see, like I said, I had that 602 KPL, which again, if you didn't know how to get that, you could have just looked left as well and added that 601 that around 60 to 601 um just from that multi-touch point level there. But overall, I was waiting to see a reaction when that level hit. So, what did I do? Did I just wait and watch price action until it got to that level? No, I set an alert and when my alert hit, then I came to the screens and I observed if I wanted to take a trade or not. That's something that's super important, guys, that you have to start doing because if I would have just waited, I would have taken a short here or here and probably got stopped out. No, I want my level to hit. I want my KPLs to hit so I can see the reaction and then look to take the trade. And I mean, guys, that was one heck of a reaction. I mean, look at that rejection, lower high, rejection, dogee, great signal for potential reversal. And boom, time of day was in alignment. I love taking lunch reversals around this time. And then we had an absolute just beautiful melt off into lunchtime. And again, all of this was based off of that larger point of view top down analysis. If I would have just came to the markets that day and not observed price in any other time frame other than the 5-minute, I would have likely been looking for nothing but longs and been getting chopped out and missed the larger move, which happened way faster. So the point here guys is when you are coming into the charts start here. Put all of your emphasis, put all of your bias that day on these time frames. And again you can use daily if you want. I think in the beginning daily is helpful but for me the sweet spot is definitely going to be this 4hour chart. And that's where I start to develop my bias before I work my way in. And I had to go back and grab my plan from that day so you guys can see how price was reacting near those KPLs. Again, the KPLs, the SMA specifically will move as price is moving. So, if I showed you guys right now on a chart 6 days later, it would not be relevant. So, you can see right here, I said I'd consider one more short below if we came to reject that 602 again. Okay, that was the picture I posted and this is what actually happened that day. So, you see the bearish reaction, but notice price at 5980 and 59.50. Those were those SMAs. So what I was looking for is as we rejected that KPL for confirmation from a larger point of view. I wanted to see that candle close under. What did we do? We flushed right under. No support here. We attempted we did a smaller point of view trend break. And again next KPL's I want to see is price closing over or closing under and just falling right through. Continued to fall through. So, this was a nice continuation and we didn't actually consolidate until that last SMA I have at 5876. And these are SMAs that are being taken into factor from the 1 hour and 4 hour. Like I said, this indicator is just so amazing because I was actually manually drawing these levels from that larger point of view and having to constantly change them. So, again, he was super awesome for creating this for members. And then before we wrap up today's classroom topic, I want to go over one more example that's more relevant to current price action and that is ES for indices. All right, so I'm going to zoom all the way out and you can see that we have caught buyers in my micro range of 50 to 61.8 which ended up being a really nice buying opportunity from this overreaction. But that's not relevant to today's price action. So I want to go through an example of what I would have been looking for today. Now we have broken a downtrend, right? So lower highs started here and that has broken since price broke right here. We are no longer making lower highs. Okay. So that means that officially the market has shifted direction from bearish to bullish. We also broke this downtrend. That's another sign that market is now going from bearish to bullish. We are no longer making lower highs. We are now in an uptrend and have reversed and broken that downtrend. Right? Um but one thing that I want to also highlight is where was the SMAs? Okay, so obviously that coming in today I can see okay markets are very bullish. We are no longer making lower highs. We have broken a downtrend but let's add the SMAs and I'm going to zoom into a 5minut time frame. Remember this indicator is showing the SMAs on a larger 1 hour and 4 hour. Okay. And look at this right here. This reaction told me as of the 25th that bulls were now back in control. How did I know that? Well, because the SMAs are going to gauge for me how we react near the SMAs is telling me from that larger point of view. This is a cheat code for me. Really, a lot of times if I am rushing to the markets and I don't have the opportunity to do a full top down analysis, a full market analysis, and I'll admit sometimes I don't do that. Sometimes I am rushing from putting my daughter down from a nap and trying to take a trade and I just feel like I don't have the time to do a full 4 hour 1 hour view. I will slightly look at it, but oftent times I can use these SMAs in this indicator as a cheat code on that 5minute time frame because if we are reacting bullishly over these SMAs like we did right here, look at that reaction. Candles are clearly finding buyers here. We dipped down, attempted to close under, quickly recovered, formed support over, higher support over, and boom, we have melted up ever since. Came to our next SMA KPLs here. And where did we officially start to consolidate and find resistance at this top SMA KPL here? Okay, clear resistance. Clear resistance. But so far, we have now reclaimed it. So what I am doing guys is I'm observing the reactions near the S SMAs to help give me extra confidence on my larger point of view. Are we bullish or bearish? In my opinion, once we recovered right here and form support over and broke that downtrend as well as broke market structure and we're no longer making lower highs, that tells me that now what? The market is very bullish and I need to be looking for what? Long entries. So this morning, remember this level right here is that old market structure, that old high. I now want to see that turn what I want to see old resistance turn support. We attempted to dip below this morning in pre-market, but what have we done since market open? Since volume started to come in, because it's really important, wait for volume to come in. You don't want to look for reactions near these KPLs when there's no volume. You want volume to come in. That's a really important part to this. But we formed support over and boom nice move to the upside this morning. So that larger point of view analysis told me I should be looking what long because the larger point of view is what? Bullish and that is why something like a 4hour it should be the first thing you look at before you zoom into a five minute. And again my cheat code is that indicator because it's just it's so awesome. I can't even explain it. So simple but so awesome. But remember, you guys can use those SMAs from that 4 hour and that 1 hour perspective. I would definitely put more emphasis on a 4 hour to help your top down analysis to help you understand if we are bullish or bearish. And if we're consolidating, oftentimes you'll see that some of that consolidation is happening near those SMAs or near a KPL. And that consolidation is telling you that there really isn't a direction right now. You do need to take a step back. If you zoom in right here on the smaller time frames, we had a lot of consolidation here. And what did those candles ultimately do when they closed though? What did the 1 hour candle do when it closed? Did it close over our KPLs, signaling that buyers were in control, but as price was playing out on lower time frames? You might have thought, oh, price is breaking below. No, guys, make sure that you are putting more emphasis on the candles closing on the larger time frame. That means waiting for that 1 hour candle to close. if we are near a KPL to determine if we are bullish or or bearish, right? So, if we're consolidating near those levels, allow those larger point of view candles like a 1 hour candle to close to actually tell you the story of what price is doing. Okay? To tell you if we are bullish or bearish or consolidating, right? This was a lot of consolidation and chop on smaller time frames. But overall, as the candles were closing on that larger one hour, absolutely bullish to me. Therefore, I need to remain bullish biased, especially on those smaller time frames. And that's a wrap. I hope this was helpful as always, guys. And one more time, everything that we put on YouTube is supposed to be the best premium education you can get for free when it comes to trading. We try our best and we have a lot more exciting things coming with the Peachy Investor team. I have my analyst going to start making content because I know I'm just not making that much content anymore. I have such a busy life between being a mom, being a business owner. I'm in real estate. I've got so much going on. I have other business ventures. So, my goal is to make PT Investor the best, most helpful trading group out there, giving you guys the best free premium education, but also the best paid education. So, if you guys want more of that handholding, remember, I'll say it one more time. This is the handholding that you can get where you can come in and have your questions answered by real people. You can have the market analysis and KPL's done for you. You get our strategies a toz. You get trade recaps and trade journals. You get market analysis and morning briefs about the major news that's happening. You also get options, swing trading and stock swing trading and you just get so much. Anyways, if you guys want all that and you want more information on that, check the description box down below and check out Pachy Trading School. And we have analysts in there. One of our guys, he does a lot of gold trading at night. So, if you're interested in that, you can't be available for morning, you know, or normal market hours. We've got somebody who does morning times and evening sessions as well and then they hop on our PGTV to do live trading sessions. And it is not a buy here, sell here signals group. This is to help make you an independent trader. So please do not join if you were looking for someone to hop on and tell you enter here, exit here. No, but we will walk you through what's happening in real time. We will help explain these KPLs and how we find them. We will help you master becoming an independent trader, which is all things how to read the market and read price action, right? Um, and the indicators are included, too. We're working on some cool orb ones. We got a lot coming. I'm really excited about. But if you guys want that PT Trading School down below, if you guys don't want to pay for anything ever, just subscribe to this channel and we will continue putting out as much free valuable content as possible. And also make sure you follow us on Instagram because we post a lot more often. YouTube videos do take a little bit more to make. And also, we have a free investor newsletter if you guys want to check that out, summarizing the need to know market events that happen every week. Goes out every single Sunday. That's also in the description box. Thank you guys so much for watching and I will catch you next