The 15minute orb strategy is everywhere right now, but most traders are losing money with it. Why? Because it's predictable and the smart money uses it to trap you. So, let me show you what's actually going on and potentially how to use this setup the right way. Arian, this video is for you. And for those of you that don't know, every single week I make a personalized video response to one of your questions from the previous video's comments. Arian asked, "Can you make a video on the 15-minute orb strategy?" Absolutely, bro. Let's get into it. The strategy sounds simple. Mark the high and the low of the first 15-minute candle after the New York open from 9:30 to 9:45 Eastern Standard Time. If the price breaks above, go long. If the price breaks below, go short. It's supposed to give you one clean breakout trade every morning. But here's the truth. Most of the time, the first move is a trap. institutions know retail traders use this strategy. So they fake the breakout, grab the stop- losses and reverse. Now they say to trade this on high volatility assets like the NAS 100, the S&P 500, even gold. So let's look at gold and see exactly how this is working out long term. So the concept is very simple. Mark the high and mark the low of the first 15-minute candle of the day. Draw a range across this candle. If a candle breaks out of this range and closes above this range, you go long. If it closes below, you go short. And to not trade within the range, you put your stop loss below the range. And I'm being very conservative here using a 1:1.5 risk-to-reward ratio. And this is theoretically how it should play out. But if you continue going on each day, you can see we got stopped out. We hit a loss, a win, a loss, a loss, another loss, another loss. and to be determined. So, of the last eight trading days on gold, you had two wins and five losses. This one is to be determined, but it looks like it's going to be a winner. So, just using the last eight trading days, we have 4.5% profits, but 5% losses, which means we're down half a percent in eight days. It's like you've wasted a week. Key things that you have to remember here about any type of market structure and liquidity. Liquidity pools live above and below ranges. Fake outs trigger breakouts which leads to a reversal. Orb has no context, no trend, no structure, and no liquidity. It's not keeping these in mind. If you enter a trade because price broke the box, you're basically trading blind. Now, that doesn't mean that the orb is useless. It just needs more context. Here's how to fix it. Only trade orb in the direction of the higher time frame trend like the 15minute or the 1 hour bias. Watch for fakeouts and then trade the re-entry back inside the range and add confirmation structure breaks, liquidity sweeps, or even tools and indicators. So, even something as simple as drawing out a trend line and using tools like Fibonacci is going to keep you out of these useless trades when you know that after a large move, price is likely to pull back to a Fibonacci retracement level and also reject off of that. Which is why after we had the rejection, we had a winning trade using the Orb strategy. On this example, we've broken the downtrend to the upside, but the orb strategy is telling us to go short. We would know using extra confluences that that was not a good option. Same with this one. We are still trading above that downtrend line. Why would you go short into it? If you want to use the orb strategy the way that you're using it now, that's fine. But what I want you to do is learn more information. Learn about liquidity sweeps. Learn about market structure. Learn about the key Fibonacci zones that price likes to retrace to based on supply and demand of that asset in that time frame. Basically, the orb strategy can work, but you can't use the orb strategy as like the cheat code of day trading. There are way better trading strategies than this. There are also indicators that can help you do this better, but you need more education than drawing a box around a single candle. That just kind of sounds like common sense to me. So, shameless plug. If you're looking for a place where you can learn absolutely everything in a step-by-step guided process, just go to trdfloor.com. Also, a massive teaser I'm probably not supposed to talk about. Uh, we're releasing a learn as you earn program. So, you better get in now before the price goes up. If you guys enjoyed this video and you got some value out of it, leave a like down below. Or if you have a specific question on day trading, leave it in the comment section down below. Thanks so much for watching and we will see you in the next one.