This strategy is boring and it's repetitive and it honestly feels like you're not doing enough, but it's the same exact strategy that I use to make $56,135 a month. And if you watch this video all the way through, this could be the last time you ever feel confused in the markets again. Now, honestly, most traders lose because they're addicted to excitement. They keep switching strategies, chasing signals, and blowing counts. And I get it. I literally used to be the same exact way. But once I locked into this one boring strategy, just one, and I tracked it, mastered it, and refined it, everything changed. I'm going to break down what this strategy is, and I'm going to show you the real results that proves that it works. Let's get into it. All right, so first of all, this strategy is a break and retest strategy. If you don't know what that means, I'm going to break it down very simply for you and very quickly. So, we all know that price never just goes straight up or never goes straight down. Price goes up, down, up, down, up, down. Right? Same thing vice versa. Price goes down, up, down, up, down, up. Now, when we have these higher highs and higher lows, higher highs, higher lows, we actually create what's called resistance zones on the top and support zones on the bottom. And those usually act as areas where price might reject off. So, what I mean by that is, let's say price comes down and goes up. this area would be considered a support zone. So next time price comes down to that area, most of the time price is going to go back up. Now, same thing vice versa with a resistance zone. Remember support is always on the bottom. Resistance is on the top. So same thing we had price go up, price came down. When price goes up into that same area, most of the time it's going to go down. Now what happens if it doesn't go down and continues to go up? Most of the time a previous resistance zone would then turn into a support zone cuz price would go above and come down below to retest that previous resistance zone and it actually will treat that previous resistance zone as a support zone and actually go back up. Same thing with sells. So let's say price came down, sold below what we had as a support zone and then it will come back up to retest what's considered our previous support zone and it will actually treat that as if it's a resistance zone and sell off of it. And that's what this strategy is. It is optimizing and going with the direction of the market by waiting for these breakouts of supports or resistance areas, then waiting for those to then be retested to then be treated as resistance zone if it was a previous support or support zone if it was a previous resistance zone. So, here is my six-step strategy. It's honestly very very boring. It's very repetitive, but it works and it works very very well. The first thing is identifying zones. This is a break and retest strategy. So, we're drawing our zones on the 1 hour time frame or on the 4hour time frame. And we're looking for the most recent support or resistance zone. Basically, the most recent area of uncertainty. Next, you're going to draw your zone. And all you're doing at that point is waiting for a candlestick to close above or below that zone that you just drew. We need it to close on that same time frame. So what I mean by that is if you draw a 1h hour support or resistance zone, you draw a zone on the 1 hour time frame, you need to wait for that 1 hour candlestick to close outside of that zone that you drew. And we'll get into a bunch of examples of these. To clarify, we need the body of the candlestick to close outside of it, not the wick. Now, same thing if we drew a 4hour support or resistance zone. We're waiting for the 4hour candlestick to close outside of that zone. Now, the next step after that is, like I said, we're going to confirm the breakout. And all that looks like is waiting for price to close above those zones. If it closes above the zone, we're going to be looking for buys. If it closes below a support zone, we're going to be looking for sells. Next, once we have that closure outside of our zone, whether it's on the 1 hour time frame or the 4hour time frame, we're going to drop down to the 1 minute chart. We're going to then just wait for any of the following to form. We're basically waiting for price to come back down into our previous resistance zone or previous support zone. And once price taps into our previous resistance or previous support zone, we're going to be looking for some consolidation or we're going to be looking for a higher high or a lower low structure change. Or we can look for a trend line break. And we're going to see a bunch of these examples when we go over the charts. Keep in mind, this strategy works across the board. I've used this on futures, which we'll go over. I've used this on crypto. I've used this on stocks. We're going to go over a stock today. I've used this on basically anything and it always works. No matter what you want to trade, this strategy will work as long as you follow this checklist. Now, once we have the consolidation, once price pulls back into our previous resistance or support zone and we have consolidation or we get a higher higher low or we get a trend line break, we're then going to enter the trade at the break of that consolidation. in that trend line or that recent high/ low. Don't worry, we're going to get into what that looks like on the charts, just in case you aren't 100% familiar with what that looks like. Now, step number five is our stop-loss. We always trade with the stop-loss when it comes to this strategy. I personally suggest that every person trades with a stop-loss, no matter what strategy you are using, because we do not want to risk more money than we can bear to lose. Honestly, that's what stop-losses help us to do. It helps us to mitigate our risk. Where are we going to place our stop loss with this strategy? Very, very simple. We're going to place the stop loss below the most recent higher low if we entered for buys, or we're going to place it above the most recent lower high if we're going for sells. And like I said, we'll show you guys a bunch of examples of that inside of this video. Now, we have our stop loss figured out. We know exactly where we're going to place our stop loss every single time. Next, we're going to figure out where we're going to put our takerit. So, the target for our takerit is always going to be a next major high or major low on the 1 hour time frame or the 4 hour time frame. That's exactly where we're going to exit our trade fully at. Now, most of the time for this strategy, I'm getting way above a 2:1 risk-to-reward ratio. Really around a 3:1 risk-to-reward ratio on average, which basically means if I'm risking $100, I'm going to make $300. If I'm risking $1,000, I'm going to make $3,000. If I'm risking $10,000, I'm going to make $30,000. That's basically what a 3:1 riskreward ratio is. And that's why this strategy is so strong and so powerful is because we can lose three times in a row. And if we have one win, that makes us all of our losses back plus more money, which is obviously amazing. So, now that you understand the checklist, let's go over some real life examples. Right now, I hate being in full screen. We're out of full screen now. Right now, as you can see, we're in the 1 minute time frame. But this blue zone right down here that I drew out, this is a 1hour zone. So, if we go to the 1 hour time frame, I'm going to walk you guys through exactly what I saw. The same exact trade idea I sent out into my inner circle and people were able to capitalize on it. If you don't know what my inner circle is, I basically take you step by step to learn how to trade exactly how I trade. You don't only get that, but you also get to trade live with me every day, Monday through Friday, which means you get to take every single trade that I take, even the trades that we went over inside of that we're going to go over inside of this video. You get to take the trades from our other profitable coaches. We have four other extremely profitable coaches inside of my inner circle. We have a dedicated trading psychologist. We have literally everything that you would personally need to become a profitable trader in the quickest amount of time possible. Now, just as a heads up, it is extremely exclusive. If you go through the YouTube comments of any of my YouTube videos, you'll see people complaining that there's no more spots left. But for this video, I'm going to open up a couple of spots. So, I suggest you click the link inside the description down below to have the opportunity to join my inner circle. It's really only for serious people, serious traders who want to make multiple five figures or even six figures every single month. I will mentor you personally on how to get there. And to prove that my inner circle actually works, here is proof of it. My students are absolutely killing it. As you can see on the screen right now, they are making a crazy amount of money simply by applying the skills or following the trades that we put out in my inner circle. But with that being said, let's get back into this uh trade idea that we went over inside my inner circle this morning. So, as you can see, price was selling down right here and then we got to this area right here and price started having uncertainty. Uncertainty in this example looks like consolidation. We see price just going up, down, up, down, right? That's uncertainty. So, we then had price break and close above this area on the 1 hour time frame. We had price break and close above the zone that we drew. This is our uncertainty zone right here. We drew it simply by going from the top of the wick to the body of the highest candlestick in this uh uncertainty zone. So, once we did that, then we just waited for price to come and close above this box here. As you see, this candlestick closed above it. Now, once we had that closure above here on the one hour time frame, because remember we drew the zone on the one hour time frame. Once we had the close above there on that same time frame that we drew our zone on, which is the 1 hour time frame, we went down to the one minute time frame. And as you see, as price came and closed on top of here, so this is when the candlestick actually when the hourly candlestick actually closed. This is where it closed right here at 8:00. If you look on the bottom, you see 8:00. This is when it closed. Then we saw price come back down into this zone. I don't care about any of this price action that happened before because this is all before that one hour candlestick close outside of that zone. I'm only looking at what happened after we had that candlestick close above this zone. So, we had price come tap back into this area. And if we plot it out right here, we had price sell down, price came up, price sell down, price came up, price sell down, then price came up. And as you see, we created an high point right here. these two zones, two areas, even if it wasn't two areas, we created a new high right here. So now, all I would look for for an entry is a break of that recent high. As we went over inside the checklist, we're looking for price to tap back into our zone and then create a high or a low. And then we're waiting for price to break above that high or that low depending if we're looking for sells or buys. In this instance, we're looking for a break above a recent high because we want to see that price is going up. So once we saw that price created this high right here and then as we fast forward we see price created another high right here which shows us that price went away from our area. We then put an entry point for right up here so that as soon as price broke above this recent high as we just talked about it would enter us into the trade. And if we fast forward here a little bit we see price start to go up. Price would have tapped us into the trade right here. stop loss goes below the most recent swing low before you entered your trade, which in this instance is right here. Once it tapped into the most recent swing low, we would have targeted a recent swing high. Now, recent swing high on the hourly is right up here. As you see, it's that blue line. Um, so that's where we ended up targeting. And as you see, price actually ended up hitting this very, very fast. This actually it usually doesn't happen this fast, but this happened within a matter of what is this like seven minutes or something. It was actually crazy. But yeah, and as you see right here, this is a 6.5 to1 risk-to-reward ratio. I told you guys on average with this strategy, you're going to get a 3:1 risk-to-reward ratio. But this trade is an exception where we were able to get a 6.5 to1 risk-to-reward ratio. Which simply means that if we risked $100, we would have made $650. If we had risked $1,000, we would have made $6,500. If we risked $10,000, we would have made $65,000 on this specific trade right here. Now, this is one example. Let me show you guys another example of the same exact strategy. So, here we are on ES. This is another trade idea that I sent out into my inner circle. This morning, we saw our hesitation area right here on the hourly. We got a close outside of it on this green candlestick right here at 7:00. We went down to our one minute time frame. This is when price closed outside of it right here at this red candlestick. Next, we waited for price to tap back in here. And what do we see as price was tapping back into our zone? We see a trend line. I told you for entries, we want price to tap back into our zone. And we want to see either a trend line. We want to either see consolidation, which all consolidation is, is when price keeps going up, down, up, down. It's basically not moving. And in this example, we'd wait for price to break above this consolidation, which in this example right here that I just drew out. This would be the consolidation break and we enter like that. But in this example, this real life example, this is a trend line break. We see price respected it right here. Price respected it right here. It respected it again right here. It respected it again right here. So, this is four taps on the trend line and it tapped into our previous hourly zone. So, all we waited for price to do was break above our trend line, enter us into the trade right here, stops below the swing low, the most recent swing low for where we um entered the trade at, targeted a recent swing high, which was up here. If we look on our charts uh before, right here, and then as you see, price bought up and we would have won this trade. This trade was a 4.1:1 risk-toreward ratio, which simply means if we risked a dollar, we would have made $410. If we risked $100, $410 is what we would have made. And so on and so on and so on. All right, so now that we've gone over some futures trades, let's actually go over an example of this strategy trading stocks. So right here we have an example of Meta, which as we all know is a stock. Same exact setup, same exact method. All we did we saw a recent swing high right here. So let me show you guys this just clearly. So we had price come up. We had price come down. If you look we had a little bit of consolidation here and then price sold down. Price came up right here. Price sold down. Then this morning price came up. We got our close above our zone here on the hourly time frame. We drew our zone from the wick of the top of the candlestick simply like this to the body of the top of the highest candlestick which is right here. This is on the hourly time frame. Once we had our close outside of here, we went down to the 1 minute time frame. We had to close out out here at on this candlestick over here. And then we saw we created a trend line and we also created a higher high right here. Some people classify this little area right here as consolidation because we were just kind of consolidating in this area. But to me, I see a higher high. I see um higher lows right here as well. And I also see a little bit of a trend line. Simple as that. What I was waiting for on this trade specifically was for price to tap into here as it did. And then I wanted to break a recent swing high just like the same example we just went over on NQ. So we had this recent swing high right here. All we did was wait for price to come and break above here. We entered into the trade once price broke above here. We had our stop loss below the recent swing low. I could have had a tighter stop loss by having it below this low right here. But this wasn't strong enough of a pullback for me to feel confident putting my stop loss under there. So, I had it under this major swing low right here. And I simply just targeted a recent swing high, which was right here. That's where I targeted. And as you see, this is a 4.3 to1 risk-to-reward ratio on a stock. I mentioned to you guys and I told you guys in the beginning of this video that you can use this strategy on stocks, forex, futures, options, crypto. You can use it literally on anything. This strategy is extremely simple. It's boring. It doesn't happen all the time. There's nothing exciting about it, but it literally prints money. Now, to prove that, we're going to go and show you guys the exact stats that you could have had if you use just this strategy trading one pair only. I'm going to show you guys the win rate and show you guys the average risk ratio. I'm going to show you guys the profit that you would have made. And I'm going to show you exactly why this strategy is a beast. All right, so here we are. This is for the month of April. I'm going to go through all of these stats with you guys. As you guys can see, I made a total profit of $56,135 with a total amount of trades of 11 out of the entire month. As you see, my win rate is not extremely high. This is what makes this strategy boring. It's not super exciting. You're not having 112% win rate. You're not winning 30 out of your 30 trades. As I mentioned to you guys, you don't need a high win rate at all to be profitable. As long as you have a consistent high risk-to-reward ratio, which this strategy does, you can be extremely profitable because, as I said, you can lose three trades and in one trade make back all of your losses plus more money. And that's what this strategy is absolutely amazing for. So, I'm going to go through a couple of these stats with you guys. So, as you see, the average risk-to-reward ratio just for this month, and keep in mind, this is one of my lower months when it comes to this strategy. If you guys have been trading in these markets after everything that's happened with the new presidency and the tariff talk and all that different type of stuff, markets have been extremely tough to trade. Hence the reason why the win rate on this specific month is actually very low. Now imagine if this was a regular month and we were averaging around 60 to 65% win rate. But nonetheless, this is proof that even with a very very boring and repetitive strategy that has a 36% win rate, you can still be extremely profitable. The average risk-to-reward ratio trade in this strategy was a 2.97. So basically a 3 to1 risk-to-reward ratio was average. We actually had a 3.58 uh risk-to-reward ratio trade as well. So as you see right here under the winners and losers, we had a total winners of four trades and total losing trades of seven. But I want you guys to pay attention to the average win percentage. This is the average amount of money that you're making. No matter what account size you have, this is a percentage based. So the average win, we're winning 14% on our account. So let's say you have $1,000 account. You are making $140 on average every single trade that you are winning. Now let's look at our average loss. It's less than 3%. So on average, we're losing less than 3% every single trade we take. And on average, we're winning well every single trade that we lose. Sorry. And on average, we're winning 14% on every single trade that we win. As you can see, we can lose a good amount of trades and win one trade and we're profitable. So, we can scroll down here and see a bunch more stats. But I want to come to this area right here because you guys might be saying, "Oh, you made $56,000, but how much would I make?" Right? This is how much you would have made, 36%. So, no matter what account size you had, you would have made 36% just in one month trading one pair. That's not even talking about trading five different things or some cryptos and some stocks. This is trading one specific pair. And the pair I traded was YM. You would have made 36%. So what does that look like? If you have a $1,000 account, you would have made $360 this month. If you had a $10,000 account, you would have made $3,600. Now, if you have a funded account and you have a $100,000 funded account, you would have made $36,000 this month. And if you don't know what funded accounts are, they are very, very simple. I've made YouTube videos about them. You guys can look into them. But simply all it means is that you buy an account for let's say $45 $600. And I'll leave the funded account that I personally suggest in the description of this video. But let's say you buy a funded account for $500 $600. You pay them that fee and in turn they give you an account that's let's say $50,000 or $100,000 or $150,000. And the profits you make on that account you get to keep. So you don't get to keep the $100,000 obviously. You get to keep most of the time like 90% of those profits. So, if you made $10,000 on it, you get to keep $9,000. So, you can see even with not having a bunch of money, just a couple hundred bucks and using a prop firm and using a strategy like this that will net you 36% on the month, you can make a ridiculous amount of money. Now, you've seen it. The exact strategy that I use to generate over $56,000 a month consistently. It's no hype. There's no magic indicators. Just a boring high probability system that prints when you follow the rules. But the truth is, even the best strategy in the world will fail if your entries are trash. And that's why before you take this strategy live, you have to watch this video right here. I break down exactly what to look for to get perfect entries every single time. The type of entries that give you confidence, clarity, and consistency. So, click the video right here. Let me show you how to stop secondguessing and start executing like a real trader. I'll see you there.