There are two indicators I use every single day. They're incredibly simple, extremely reliant, and after 6 years of trading, these two indicators are part of the reason I became a profitable trader. In this video, I'm going to expose my complete setup as well as the rules I use with these indicators. And then I'm going to show you guys live real trades so you can see the execution with live market data. Before I get started, just a quick disclaimer. This is for educational purposes only. I am not guaranteeing any results. I'm just sharing my journey, what I found, and my strategy. So, don't take this as financial advice. This is not financial advice. Now, let's get straight into it. We're going to go over my complete true indicator strategy that I use every single day. But keep in mind, guys, trading is not a get-rich quick business. I've been trading for over 6 years, and it took me over two to become profitable. However, using this strategy, I've been able to do some pretty cool stuff, including making over $4,000 today. Let me show you. $4,325 in the day. So, the goal of this video is to show you the same exact simple approach that I use every single day. First things first, I want to show you guys exactly how to set up these indicators. So, here we're going to pull up Trading View and I'm going to delete everything on my chart. As you can see, I deleted everything on my chart. Now, as you guys can see, this is a blank chart. I'm going to show you guys what to do step by step. So, you're going to search in the first thing volume weighted average price or in other words called VWOP. Once we have VWOP to your charts, it's going to look very weird. There's going to be these three lines in these zones, but this is not how I use it. So, now once you're at Trading View, we're going to click on VWAP. We're going to click on settings. Then, we're going to go to style. You see how it says VWOP upper band lower band fill? You're going to uncheck upper band up. Uncheck lower band. Uncheck band fill. Stay on VWOP. And you like to make it yellow because that's just the color of VWOP. It's got to be yellow. So once we have our VWOP, that's it. As simple as that. We click okay. And we have obviously our extended hours and all that. Now we want to add the other one. The other one is an EMA. So, we're going to put in moving average exponential. So, or you can just put in EMA. It's going to come up moving average exponential. So, 98. I've said both in videos. I honestly I've been using the eight. So, you go to inputs, you go to eight, you click okay. Really no big difference at all. And that's literally all you do. So, settings, lengths, eight, source, close, offset, all this stuff. Style, I like to keep it blue. And then that's it. Now, we have the VWAP and the 8 EMA on our charts. Again, eight or 9 EMA, you could use whatever. So, we have these both on our charts, and these are the two indicators that I use. So, now I want to explain what I do with these indicators. So, first off, let's start off with VWOP. VWOP's a volume weighted average price. What this basically means is that VWAP tells us what the average trading price of the day is for a certain stock. This is always a very big area. So I have a very big rule as well. I never take calls under VWAP and I never take puts over VWAP. This helps me identify where buyers and sellers are as well as VWAP is always a big retest spot. So, if VWAP is under the pre-market low, then I'm looking to take puts on a VWOP retest, not a pre-market low retest, which I'll go over the full strategy in a bit. But, as you can see here, how VWAP is under our pre-market low, that means you're taking a VWAP retest, not a pre-market low retest. Because if it gets above VWAP, you can't take puts. That's our rule. And then the EMA is what I basically use for two different reasons. The biggest reason is it helps me identify when I should sell a stock or not. The EMA can help you catch huge wins because what it basically does is my rule with it is when I'm holding runners on a stock, as long as the stock stays above the EMA on a 5m minute, then I'll stay in. So, as we can see on this example, say you took a VWAP retest or something like that, right? You see how it just stays under the EMA, under the EMA, under the EMA until right here. That means you wouldn't exit your position until right here. So again, you'd also trade EMA retest, but those are more scalps. I like using it better for um holding my trades, but you could also trade EMA retests. So recap, VWOP, you could trade retest on it. It also tells you if you could buy calls or puts. So if a stock's retesting pre-market high, but it's under VWOP, we're not going to take calls on it. If a stock is under pre-market low, but it's above VWOP, we're not going to take puts on it. And the EMA helps us know when to sell or not. So, now that we have these two indicators in place, let me show you some real examples using these indicator. Before I do that, coincidentally, so check this out real quick. This Apple pre-market high retest. So, we got a Apple pre-market high, 5m minute close above, a little retest, and then another retest. And what happened after this retest? Look. So, we kind of retest this pre-market high. We're above VWOP. And then look, it doesn't break under the EMA until right here, $4. Isn't that insane? Pretty cool. But now, let me show you guys another real example. So, this is an EMA retest. As you can see here, Apple retests pre-market high. So, we take calls. It's over VWAP, so we're good. And then it doesn't break under the EMA until right here. So, we don't sell any of our position until right here. Again, it's pretty simple. Like, you just use the EMA as a level to tell you when to sell your runners a lot. You can go to IWM. Even today, I'm pretty sure there was an example there. So, IWM, as you can see, I just showed that example, but we got a VWOP retest number one, and then dump. And you see as it stays under the EMA and now we're under a pre-market low. We got a VWOP retest extremely A+ right here and then we dumped to low a day. But on this one, you would have taken most your position out over here once it got above. We have more examples though. So IWM VWOP retest above the EMA doesn't get under the EMA till all the way up here. Doesn't get much better than that. Now let's send another one. Oh, this one. This is NX. This is like an extremely A+ one. When you have VWAP lined up with a pre-market high or pre-market low, that's where the magic happens because not only do you have one confluence like a pre-market high retest, but you have two confluences, a pre-market high retest and a VWOP retest. So, right here, we get the pre-market high and the VWOP to retest. And then, as you can see, we get a really nice rip. Then, we fall bel slightly below the EMA, but we're still kind of holding it. And then, right here is where it really gets under the EMA. So again, really nice trade there. You can take a VWAP retest and a pre-market high retest. You hold against the EMA and let your runners run. Or like I think this stock did really well today. As you could see, riding VWAP off the open, riding the EMA. No reason to sell. No reason to sell until about right here, which again, that's a freaking huge trade. So I'll show you live example. This is how I made most of my money today. It was on Palunteer. So let's show you what happened. PLTR. As we could see, we come down, we retest VWAP, and we're above pre-market high. We're above pre-market high, and then we come and retest VWAP. So, what does that mean? This means we're taking calls here. It's a VWOP retest, above pre-market high, one of the strongest stocks of the day. Then, what happens? We get a huge rip. We're above the EMA, above the EMA. We don't break under the EMA until right here. That's a really nice trade. doesn't get simpler than that because if it got under VWAP, we would have just taken the loss. It didn't though. We caught a nice win. And on this trade, I took two trades today. On this trade, I made 3,267 on that one. And then I took one other one as well on the Apple that I showed you. So, really, really, really nice trade here on this VWOP retest. And um yeah, I mean, it doesn't get more A+ than that. So, let's do a little recap. VWAP we use for retest and to know if we can buy calls or puts or not. EMA we use to know if to sell or not. You also trade EMA retest sometimes. Some of the key lessons to remember with these indicators is that the power of an EMA is absolutely insane because all you have to do is watch the EMA. Watch as the stock rides the EMA and as long as it doesn't get under the EMA, you could hold. And it's like a trailing stop loss for you. But it's like based off real data based off the last 8 days of market price action. And the VWAP's literally telling you everyone's average price of the day. Think about how psychological that is. Because when people go from up a lot to down a lot to up a lot to even on their positions, like what do you think they do? They usually buy more. Or when people go from down a lot to up, they usually think, "Oh, let me sell." And it just kind of gives you that edge of knowing like, "Okay, this is the market's average." So that's why I use VWOP a lot. And as you can see, like, go pull up VOP on any chart. Don't just look at what I'm showing you guys. Go back test it. It freaking works. And it shows that simplicity is so much more than complexity. So, I'll really try and simplify it. And just a reminder, like these indicators, they won't change your life. They won't change your trading, but they will help you navigate the markets a lot. They're very helpful tools and they'll help side side by side with price action. They really will. Before I end this video, I want to go over one last point, and it's that you can have the best trading strategy, you can have the best trading system, you could be the best trader in the world, but if you're not disciplined, if you don't have patience, and if you're not able to win the battle of you versus you every single day, then you're not going to make it. You're not. But if you're one of those people that gives it their all, you wake up every single morning ready to crush it, you deserve to win. It's like you have that feeling like I just had that feeling every single day where it's like I'm going to be a profitable trader. I'm going to be a profitable trader. I'm going to be a profitable trader. I will do everything I could to be a profitable trader. I just had that feeling 24/7. It would never go away. It would be in my head all day. I couldn't sleep at night literally because I would just sit there in my bed thinking, why am I not a profitable trader yet? I need to be a profitable trader. And it would just drive me insane. It would drive me insane that I wasn't a profitable trader. So, if you feel like that and if you feel like you need to be a profitable trader, if you feel destined to be a profitable trader, then don't give up because it's not just a feeling, but it's a calling. It's meant to be. And my goal is to help you guys learn. So, if you enjoyed, make sure you like, subscribe, comment, and I'll really, really hope you guys enjoy. Also, follow me on Instagram link below. Let me know if you guys like these videos like this, and I'll see you guys in the next one. Remember, my goal is to inspire, motivate, and bring you guys closer to God. Love you guys. Peace.