In today's video, we're going to be covering one of the most perfect trade setups that you can find in the market literally every single day. Now, this is a strategy that I've perfected for years and it's so simple that even if you want to mess it up, you couldn't. So, I'll be giving you guys a full breakdown of the strategy step-by-step and showing you guys how you can just take this one trade every single day and that's all you guys need. All of that being said, ladies and gentlemen, let's get directly into the video. Let's explain the entire concept and understand how you can apply this to your own trading literally right now. So, ladies and gentlemen, let's take a look at this concept, understand how you can identify that one perfect trade and understand what goes into this setup so you guys really know what you're even trading. Now, you guys have probably seen this concept before. I've made like at least 100 videos on it across like all my social medias, but today I don't want to focus on just mainly the strategy and that's it, right? I want to focus on the strategy, but also figuring out how do we take that one perfect CRT a day, close our computer, and just win. That's it. Because what I have seen a lot of people been doing recently is you guys will see like 50 CRTs form a day, you'll fire at every single one, and you're just a mess in your trading, right? You're just taking everything you see, when in reality to be that one perfect trade in the morning, take that, and you're done. That's it. Just print. So, before we do take a look at all those examples and all that stuff, let's really break down the strategy one more time because a lot of you guys are also marking the strategy out incorrectly and you're taking these random setups. So, I want to clear up that confusion. I really do want to kind of run down the strategy one more time and understand everything that goes into it. So, candle range theory, also known as CRT, is a very, very simple concept. And all you're really going to be doing is you're going to be using one of these three time frames, that 1-hour, 30-minute, or 15-minute. A lot of people also got confused on this part. They're like, "Well, which one can I use?" Honestly, it doesn't matter. I will say most of the time that the highest quality setups are on the hourly, and the 15-minute is just the one that shows up more often. So, if you really want to wait for the hourly ones, go ahead. 15-minute's going to be more frequent, so you'll find more setups on there, and 30's kind of in the middle. So, simply all you're going to do is you are going to go, let's say, on the 1-hour time frame, and you will mark out the most previous candle's high and the most previous candle's low. And this does include the wick. A lot of people are marking out the body. I have no idea where you guys got that idea from. I've never talked about it. But you will mark that most recent candles high and that most recent candles low. Next, what you will do is you will wait for price to come break either that high or the low. And you will wait for the actual colored part of the candle to close back inside that range. All right? So, in this case, it breaks that high. We reverse back down and the actual candle closes underneath the high once again. In this case, we broke that low. We reversed back up and we closed back inside that range. So, that is why it is known as candle range theory. We're closing back inside that range and the entire movement is happening within this candle itself. So, that was step number one. Just simply mark out your levels. Step number two is wait for a break and price must reverse. I really want to put a lot of emphasis on this because if it doesn't reverse, the strategy is not going to work. It must reverse right after breaking a high or a low. It doesn't matter which one. Now, step number three for CRT to work, ladies and gentlemen, the third candle will come in and it will make a complete U-shaped reversal to the opposite end that was broken. All right? So, if we took out this high, that means that price wants to come and make a full reversal all the way down to this low. Same exact thing goes for this end. We break the low, it is going to make a full U-shaped reversal all the way up to this candle's high. So, again, from one range to the other range is exactly how CRT works. And you guys can go ahead and take a look on the charts and you're about to see when we do that backtesting session. But this setup quite literally like 70 to 80% of the time it hits almost every single time. That was step number three, but there's something for step number three that's super important. All right? You're also going to mark out the second candle, the one that broke and reversed. You are going to mark out the high of that candle or the low if it's going to be at the opposite end. And the only time we're entering is whenever this third candle is forming, we drop down to a lower time frame like the one or two minute. I personally use the one minute myself. Some people like two minute. And you will wait for price to come and break this middle candle's high on the lower time frame, and that is when your entry is taken. Or you will wait on the one opposite end right here for that middle candle's low, and that's where your entry will be taken. So, in very simple terms, ladies and gentlemen, this is a three candle sequence. You have candle number one where we just simply mark out the high and the low, including the wicks, not just the body, ladies and gentlemen. And candle number two will be the one that comes and breaks and immediately reverses. And candle number three is going to be the actual follow-through where price will go from one end of the range all the way back up to the opposite end of the range. So, it wants to come and exactly hit this high right here. That is exactly why it's called candle range theory. We are trading from one range of the candle to the other one. So, real quick, why does this strategy even work? What is the reasoning behind this? The market literally is trading from orders to orders, right? Liquidity, as some people call it, but all it is the market wants to come and pick up these orders that are sitting at the 1-hour highs. And who are we going to sell to, ladies and gentlemen? Okay, we picked up all those sell orders, but someone's got to buy them back up. Where are the buyers sitting, ladies and gentlemen? At these extreme highs and lows, right? Extreme highs and lows. So, whenever we pick up those sell orders, we need to come and deliver this. Think about it as if you're a mailman. You come and you pick up your orders, you got to deliver to somebody, right? The orders are sitting there. You No one's over here, so why am I going to stop here? No, price wants to make a full full move to its destination, and that is exactly why candle range theory works. All right? You come, you pick up your orders from the buyers, ladies and gentlemen. Price shows its strength, and it wants to go back and deliver to sellers at this high right here. Insanely simple concept. You're about to see the fact that we take a look at a few examples, and it'll be very very easy for you to understand. Now, for your actual entry, ladies and gentlemen, how do you know where to place stop loss and all this stuff like that? So, when you take your entry on the break of that middle candle, all right? The first thing you will do is you will drag your TP to that candle's high, because that is where we know that price wants to make a move. We know that price is looking to go from one end to the other, so I will drag my TP there. For your stop loss, ladies and gentlemen, you want to target a 1.5 to 2 R for every single trade. So, what I will do is I will drag up my stop loss, right? Because we already have our TP figured out. I'm dragging up my stop loss until my risk reward becomes 1.5. And that is exactly how your trade is going to look. And you will see this in real time whenever I take it, you will understand exactly how that looks. One other piece of this, this literally works for all sessions, it works for everything, but the best possible setup is going to be in the New York session. So, 9:30 a.m. Eastern time is where we start looking for the setup, and if I don't find a setup before like 12:00 or 1:00 p.m. Eastern time, honestly, just close the screens and just log off. Really simple stuff. There isn't really anything crazy on this, but now what we have to do, ladies and gentlemen, is go ahead to the charts and take a look at exactly what this looks like when you're trading every single morning and how you guys can identify, execute on it, and really just print day after day. So, let's head over there, take a look how this works, and see how that all is. In this example, ladies and gentlemen, we're going to run through a few days worth of data on MNQ. All right, this is a random day we've chosen, which is May 5th on 2026, all right? So, if you guys want to go back later and take a look at this yourself, we will kind of you're all welcome to do that. So, what I'm going to do, ladies and gentlemen, is wait for 9:30 a.m. market open, and that is right there. I'm watching these candles form in that exact moment and trying to see which time frame gives me a CRT first, 15, 30, or 1. So, I'm just watching, I'm watching, I'm watching until I get a CRT somewhere. So far, I have not seen a single CRT. So, I'm watching, I'm watching, I'm watching, I'm watching. I still do not see anything of interest. Still nothing, ladies and gentlemen. Still waiting, still waiting. This could be one that's forming right here. Let's see. Let's see. So far, nothing, ladies and gentlemen. Still waiting. You got to really It's It's a waiting game, genuinely. It's a waiting game. All right? Okay. So, one thing before we even say this, this is something I was about to forget to say. How do I know to play a bearish CRT or a long CRT? Go ahead overall, just quick take a look at the overall market trend. You can see right now that if I take a look at MNQ, we are on a tear. It's a clear uptrend. The market's on fire. It's just ripping higher highs, higher lows every single time. So, forget shorts. I am not in shorts at all. I don't even care to look for shorts at this moment. All right? And most of the time on something like MNQ, you will be playing longs because the market is overall usually in an uptrend. And when it's in a downtrend, it will be very clear as well. And I will show you guys all that in a second. All right? But if you do go on the 1-hour time frame for a bare example right here, very clearly I can see MNQ is just ripping. Every single time make new highs, new highs, new highs, new highs, new lows every single time that are higher every single time. So, it's an uptrend. I am not going against that. It's like trying to run against the speeding train at that point. All right? I do not care to do that. So, that is exactly how you identify which CRT you will play. So, right now we do have a CRT that looks like forming right over here. I will wait it out and see if it actually gives me that setup right there. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Give it a second. There we go. So, this is a CRT. Number one, it goes with that overall bullish trend. Everything else aligns perfectly. So, what do we have here, ladies and gentlemen? We have candle low and candle high on the most previous candle. Right over here. What price did is notice exactly what I was just talking about. Price came and took out this low and reversed right back up and closed back inside the range. Right over here, price came here, broke, and immediately closed back in that range. So, that is exactly what CRT is. The last thing we understand now is that price will try to make a full U-shaped reversal to this high of day level right over here. Okay, since we took out the low, it wants to move to the opposite end. So, what I will do, ladies and gentlemen, is I will wait for price to break this middle candle right over here. This one right here. And that is when my entry will be taken. Okay, so on the 1-minute time frame, price essentially will need to break right over here. Okay, let me drag that down perfectly. And that is where my entry will be taken for this trade. Okay? So, essentially trade will look like this. I know where my take profit is right over here. So, the stop loss, I will drag that up to make it 1.5, exactly 1.5 right here. And that is all I need for my trade. That is it, ladies and gentlemen. So, let's see. I'm going to wait. I'm going to see if price actually breaks that middle candle, and that's the only time I'm taking that trade. If it doesn't break the middle candle, absolutely nothing will be done. All right, so let's see. Price got that break. Obviously, I had to enter a little bit late because we are on bar replay. But essentially, you will drag down your stop loss. You'll drag up your TP. Obviously again, these numbers are completely off because we are on bar replay. So, your entry will essentially be right over here. Okay? And you are now going to do absolutely nothing but let the trade ride either to stop loss or to take profit, ladies and gentlemen. And you are doing nothing else. Okay? So, let's see. Let's see. Let's see. There you go. That's all it was for the CRT. That's literally all it takes. So, that's it. You took the first CRT that formed with the trend in the New York session. That's it. No stop loss. No take profit. It's all It's hitting one of the two, and that's it. I really don't care what else you're seeing on that trade. Let's continue into the next day. So, let's play this out. Let's go over to the next day on MNQ. So, ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the next day now, and all I'm really going to do is that exact same process over and over and over again. We're still in an uptrend. I do not care for any shorts. I really do not care if I see a setup that forms that CRT to the downside. Only looking for upside. I'm looking for the first CRT that forms and that is it. I really don't care about anything else. All right? So, let's go through step by step, ladies and gentlemen. I'm waiting. I'm waiting. I'm watching to see if any CRTs form at all. All right, so far I'm not seeing anything. Let's see. Hourly candle just closed and this is a wonderful CRT right here. So, let's really break this down. You have your candle low right here. Okay? Price came and broke that low and immediately reversed back up. The actual colored part of the can- the candle closed back inside the range. All right? Now, what do we know is going to happen next? I know that the price wants to move to the opposite end of this candle. So, what I will essentially do, I will mark out this middle candle's high right over here, which is right about there. Okay? Right exactly there. And when price breaks that, ladies and gentlemen, I will set my take profit, my stop loss. I already know what those are going to be. And I will enter my trade. Okay? That is all I'm doing. There is not too much that goes into this, guys. I'm really just looking, looking, looking. Here we go. Let's see if price can come and break that high. So far has not done anything. Still waiting, still waiting, still waiting. Still waiting, guys. It's coming up for the break. Let's see. There we go. So, essentially, take your entry. Again, it's a little bit off because we are on bar replay. But, here's where your trade will look like. Okay? Your entry on the break of that middle candle. Now, I look for price to move to this high or hit my stop loss. That's all I really care about. So, let's continue and see what happens in this exact situation. All right? Price continues. Boom. Straight to TP. First CRT of the day. Boom. Smack that and you're done. Okay? Again, I'm going to run you guys through a few more. Like every single one you're seeing the same thing. And do not just take my word for it, guys. I want you to genuinely go on the charts after this. Not just because a very handsome young man named Nitro Trades is showing you this. I want you to actually test this out yourself. I want you to go and look and be like, "Damn, this guy's right." Now, for this next example, I want to run you guys through a situation where, you know, the trend has shifted. All right? And I really want to kind of break down this is a trade that I actually took today in the call itself. And this is how I knew that the trend had shifted. So, overall, we've been in a bullish uptrend. The market's been on fire. Everything's been respecting. But what happened with MES now? Okay? We came, we broke the previous lows of the higher time frame, the 1-hour. Correct? So, we've shifted to downtrend now. Every single time, what is the market doing now? We're making lower highs. The market was never doing this before. It was never making lower highs every single time. It was never doing that. Now, it's making lower highs every damn time we come across. Right? So, we keep going, we keep going, we keep going like this. Okay? And that is how I know that the trend has shifted. No other time before that was that happening. Before that, the market was just going highs every single time. Newer highs, newer highs, higher highs every single time. So, that is why today I had shifted my bias to the downside. Okay? So, let's really go ahead and take a look at how a shifted bias uh CRT will look. So, let's really run through that A through Z and see what I saw on my trade today. Okay? So, there was this bullish CRT in the morning. I didn't really care to play that. I'll be totally honest with you guys. I watched, I watched, I watched as this setup was forming. And let's see what happened, right? So, price forms that CRT. What exactly just happened here? Price came. Overall, I do understand that we have a little bit of a bearish trend. So, I mark out candle high right here. So, it broke it, reversed back in the range, the colored part of the candle closed back inside it. And I know it now wants to make a move to the opposite end of the candle. So, middle candle will break, and that is where my entry will be taken. And that is exactly what I'm looking for. That's it. Draw out your risk reward tool, drag it out to make it 1.5. And that is your entry. So, once the middle candle breaks now, that is where my entry will be taken. So, right here broke. Okay, let me actually go back one candle so we can get a little bit of an accurate entry. So, drag your TP right here. And drag your stop loss. Boom. And now you let your trade ride. I do not care about anything else. Wonderful. Let's let that ride out, do its thing. And boom. Straight shot for TP. That is the first CRT of the day that goes with the trend. Wonderful. Bag that and that is it. This is where people do get a little bit confused cuz they don't know if the actual trend has shifted, but it's a pretty simple concept. Doesn't really have too much that goes into it. Just don't overcomplicate it. Look at the 1-hour chart. If you see some crazy crazy like uptrend, don't go against that. Like don't do it, please. If you see the market has been recently making lower highs every single time, then you know, it's kind of shifted a little bit. I want you guys to take everything I just showed you, the concept, the understanding of the trend, and overall just understanding the first CRT. So, you'll take this trade and you will call it. And just watch how much your trading changes. Okay? Again, you don't have to just take my word for it. Go test it. You can literally go in the live market tomorrow, test out the strategy for a week, a month, do whatever you want, and you will see that literally no strategy on this planet does even come close to this. So, ladies and gentlemen, I really hope you guys enjoyed this video. If you guys have any questions or anything like that, hop in the Discord. It's free. You guys can just hop in and talk 24/7 with me and all the other members that are trading the exact same setup as you. And if you guys do have any questions, I mean, feel free to drop them in the comment section below, and I will try to get back to you guys as soon as possible. And also, drop any videos you guys want to see me make in the future. I'll get to those as well. But again, thank you guys so much for watching the video. Obviously, I love making these videos, but just knowing that it's helping you guys out motivates me so much more to be up at currently like what, 5, 6 a.m. in Dubai right now making these videos for you guys. So, hopefully you guys enjoyed. Take care. I will see you guys back in the next one and I wish you guys good luck with the strategy. Hopefully I can help you guys out a little