adding a playbook, adding entry criteria, adding confirmation changed everything about my trading and I never had that. I will never mention anything about a playbook or an A+ setup or anything like that. And it was Today we have a very special guest. I would say the trend line master, worldrenowned within the trading community, closing in on almost half a million dollars in profits, verified with broker statements. One of the most transparent traders I know is the one and only for trades, which blows my mind when some people tell me that they're switching time frames and they want success in a few weeks. It took me a year to master swing trading. And I feel like swing trading is not for the faint of heart. Like you have to wait for so much time to go by. You don't even get the reps in. You can't get the reps in because there there's moments where I can't. You'd think it's so much more obvious. You're like, "Okay, the price broke a trend line. Get in." But there's so much more that has to be met. I have to have a point A, a point B for the opposing trend line. And now I have a line that's keeping me safe. But now, guess what? On this setup, it's only two touch points. There has to be so much criteria met. So like this is a scenario where it wouldn't even be an A+ setup. So when I am marking up charts, I do a top down analysis and I am essentially trying to create like a a fan of trend lines. So, one rule that I have is as I rotate my lines, as I adjust my lines, as I find new highs or new lows, I'm I'm just trying to figure out which one is it going to actually respect. So, right now, if I was to trade this right here, let's say that I wasn't in a trade right now, I would have to wait for price. This is where I've got alerts on either one. Then, I'd set the alerts and close the screen. I'm done. Welcome everyone back to Chart Fanatics, the go-to channel for all the very best trading strategy breakdowns with the very best traders in the world. talking in which today we have a very special guest. I would say the trend line master, worldrenowned within the trading community, closing in on almost half a million dollars in profits, verified with broker statements. One of the most transparent traders I know is the one and only Tori Trades. Hi, thanks for having me. It's my pleasure as always. And today we're going to, you know, we've done multiple podcasts, you know, and they've been received very, very well. But the one thing we have never done is strategy breakdowns. Talk about strategy in depth. So that's what we're going to do today. But where do you think's best to start? Um I think I guess we start with my my style because all the podcasts we've done, I've tried to like have you visualize it. I've used my hands and like safety line, action line, and we got price. Now we can finally draw it. Um but I guess we can just start with the the style of trading. So I'm a swing trader. Um, I use trend lines and no indicators, which is great. Don't have to try to draw indicators on a whiteboard. Um, nothing. It's purely a naked chart. And I will just mark up trend lines and support and resistance. Okay. So, let's start with what I would be looking at if I had a naked chart. If we're just looking at price action here. So, we're just going to do some fun. Okay. So, we're going to say price has done something like this. M um it looks like Ursula's crown from Disney. But how would I how would I trade this? How would I mark this up? So, what I would do now, we can color coordinate. And so, you're swinging trading as well, right? Yes. So, I'm swing trading. I'm doing the 4 hour time frame. 4 hour. Yeah. Yep. Amazing. And I'm just trying to identify um pullbacks, trends, trend reversals. And so how I would mark this up is I would essentially draw a trend line from the lowest point I can see on the screen coming up trying to capture as many touch points as I can. If I was to make that pretty straight, I mean, we wouldn't necessarily have that. But we'll say something like this. We've got an upward trend line. And what's cool is on Trading View, I like to make the thickness of my trend line like four pixels, as fat as I can get them because I I want it to to have room to capture as many touch points as I can. Okay. So, is it more like you're trying to capture the average versus like just one precise? Yeah. So, I'll never use a magnet tool, which is pretty precise. It'll snap the point B or your touch points to the exact scent. Um, I I like to give it breathing room, wiggle room. So, as thick as possible, um, as broad as possible, and it'll allow for like little poke outs like this, um, or where it's a little bit more precise over here, or close here, but not quite. Mhm. So, I like to make the lines as thick as possible so that I can allow for the room and I can I can adjust. So, we'll start with just I'm trying to identify a trend. Mhm. I excel when I can capture on a breakout. So, this is where the price showed me the first indication that we're no longer trending up. So, I'm able to make the most amount of money on this specific setup. But, I'm going to go over um two types of setups with you. So, one is going to be a trend line break and the second one's going to be a trend line bounce. I utilize this one the most, but when I started, I used both. Okay, so the bounce is going to be looking for places to buy when price gets to a trend line close enough here. So, if you've got a touch point and a touch point, this one you wouldn't have been able to capitalize on because it just created this. Yes. But this one and this one you would have been able to create Oh, we still got a green marker. A buy order here and a buy order here and then this would have bumped you out. Yeah. So, this is we'll start with the bounce because it's the easiest because it becomes um you remember me talking about action lines and safety lines. So, I've given these trend lines names. So, we'll always have an action line, which is the Did I spell that right? Act. Yep. Oh, boy. And then we've got safety line. So, we've got action and safety. This one tells me when to place a trade and this one tells me how I'm going to manage my risk and when I'm going to exit. So, when we're trading the bounce, the line is the same. So, that's the cool part. Yeah. Um, so this tells me when to get into my trade and it tells me when to get out. The same line. Yeah. So, this is a great place to start. If you're trading the bounce, you're just trying to find as many touch points as possible. And then every time price gets to or close enough to the trend line, you're thinking it's going to respect it and you get into that trade. So, buy order, buy order, and then this is where now I would close that position. So, this would be the the sell or the close. Just to reiterate, so you'd buy here, buy here. You would be holding both until you get that break. Well, these are two opportunities. So, I wouldn't, let's say I missed this one, then I'd buy here. Or let's say I got into this one, maybe I could um scale in and add another position here. So, this will be dependent on what time I've seen it. Um if I missed that one or not, but that's how you're getting out. Yeah. Yeah. So, this is where I'm going to sell. Got you. Right here. And this point. Hey guys, just a very, very quick one. If you're enjoying this playbook and you want to get it sent directly to you, make sure to go on chart fanatics.com, put your email in, and every episode we drop, we will send you a direct PDF breaking down this exact playbook. Or alternatively, also the playbooks will be put all together with the rules over on Trade Zella. That is an incredible collaboration. So, if you want to actually add the playbook to your Tradezella, make sure you go check that out as well. But let's get back into this episode. So this is where this is a scenario in the trend line bounce setup when the line is the action and the safety. So just think of it as and same scenario if we're trading downward lines and this is obviously best case scenario price truly respected this thing like it's business. You're never going to get that. Sometimes you'll get a fake out here. We'll go over that um a little bit later. But the bare bones of the bounce setup is now these would be signals. This one you wouldn't know because you're just now getting indication that this is point A, this is point B. So these are the only two areas where you would have been able to capitalize on a sell position. Mhm. So you've got point A, point B. This is telling us the direction of the line. So we wouldn't have seen it until here. Yes. As price came up and respected this line. All right. Now it becomes an action line. Now it's time to take action. Do a sell order here. So we're selling. Price falls off. comes back up. Maybe maybe we're sweating. Maybe we're thinking, man, this is gonna break. We may have to give this back. Um it ended up falling over and it respected. If you missed this move, you could have taken this one. Yes. Um or if you t if you took this one and price came up, you could add to your position size or just simply hold. I'm I rarely will ever scale into positions or scale out. To be honest, I think the last time I did any sort of scale, no scaling out. Usually when I'm out it's all um I think I scale in maybe like once or twice a year if I'm feeling really confident about a position. But it's up to the trader. But let's say that I took this trade right here. I would just sell and hold. And if the price continues down, I mean, we're happy. We're feeling good. Even if it doesn't quite come close to the trend line, maybe we make a big drop, maybe it breaks, whatever happens afterwards, this as soon as we get the break here, that's when we're thinking, okay, we got to close now. Okay. So now exit, we've got to place that buy order. Do you ever trail your stop loss? Yeah. Uh with the trend line. Yep. Yeah. So this is where the safety comes into play. So when we're taking a sell order, um we're thinking price is going to respect this line. We're anticipating that this is the new trend. And let's say that this is where we got in. This is also going to be where our stop goes. And then as price progresses, creates this new touch point and falls off. Now we get to move this stop into profit. Oh yeah. And then so on and so forth. So at at one point we get in it's a little above break even. I don't I don't like to put it right as when I get in because it'll pop me out so many times. So I give it room. But we'll just say for example purposes this is essentially the the stop. If price broke through the line that's keeping me safe, the safety line, then I know, okay, well this isn't the new trend. Actually, this was just a fake out maybe. And maybe we continue up. But the the stop will always trail in the direction of the trend line. So as price progresses now it's even more in profit. And if we're trading the 4 hour time frame, I'll move this stop every maybe day or so. Um because the time in between here could be like four hours, four hours, four hours, four. This could be like an entire day goes by. So then I'll move the stop and then at this point here, the stop gets moved and hit. So, the coolest part is being able to get into a trade and the first thing is being able to have a stop at break even. So, the trend line bounce is the lowest risk possible scenario for my trading style cuz we get in right at the line. So, we're going to know pretty immediately if this is going to respect it or not. Yeah. So, if if this was just a fake out and price breaks out and we got in, then we're going to know pretty instantly and the smallest amount of a loss here because this is the line keeping us safe. Mhm. So, this type of trade or this type of setup entry is going to be the lowest risk. Um, you don't get them as often because you've just got to trade an instrument that is that truly just respects trend lines on a regular basis, which is platinum. Um, crude oil trading the balance is going to be a lot trickier. But platinum, you could get these setups just like this one back to back to back so often. It's the coolest part. But um so when it comes to the bounce, we are we could get even more nitty-gritty into it and talk about like the the playbooks that I have or like all of the things that need to be met when I'm getting into a bounce. So one could be like um how many touch points does the line have? We can start with two to three. Two to three touch points. Yeah. Um then the next thing is how much data is behind the trend line. If from here to where I entered is a week's worth of data, and that's what a lot of people get confused when I say how much data is behind the trend line. They're like, what does that even mean? What do you mean data? It's just from the first touch point to where you get into your position. Yeah. How much time has gone by? Okay. So, if we're trading the 4 hour time frame, I like to look for a week's worth of data. Okay? So, this could be this touch point right here could have happened on a Monday and then I get my next setup on a Monday. So, if this is a week's worth of data, boom, amazing. We've now hit the second part of the entry criteria. And then the last one is, is it low risk? Okay. I write like a doctor. I am not. That's great. That's great. Um, so then the low risk is almost always going to be marked off when we're trading the bounce because price is always so incredibly close to it. But there's going to be many times where, let's say, like this scenario, price never hit the line right here. Yeah. See, it's it's hard to tell, but you can see it. Yeah. So price didn't quite hit it got close close enough to it. But let's say that you entered here and here you were right at the line. So this is lower risk than this one because you'd have to allow the difference between where the price is where you got in and the break. So not only does it have to hit the line, but it also has to break it. So this one has a little bit more room. So a little bit higher risk. Still low regardless because we're trading the bounce. So these are just all lowrisisk trades. It's just going to be dependent on your position size. Got you. But we're just anticipating that price is going to respect these trend lines. So anytime price gets close enough. Now this is the different part about traders. Some traders will wait for it to get right to it. Some will allow it to break through a little bit and then start to turn around and then they'll get in a little bit later here. So it's just the different entries for the different traders. Some will get in before it hits. Some will get in when it hits. Some will need a little bit more confirmation. So that'll be a little bit more high-risk. Um this one didn't actually get to it. This one got right to it. So there's just there's different times you can enter this trade, but it's essentially you want to get in when price is close enough to that touch point or to the line. Do you have anything specific that you go for personally or is it more so dependent on the situation? Um, for me nowadays, I will enter a little bit sooner or a little bit later. I can give it so much more room because I've just got I've got more capital. My risk tolerance is much higher. But for beginner traders, I would say if we're trading like those small capitals, it's you got to get in at the line because that's the lowest possible. You're going to know immediately, smallest amount of risk. Um, and we're usually most of my students are trading futures. So, you've just got to have, you know, somewhere between 3 to 5K. And that's still even with futures, even with trading margin on futures, it's it's just still a smaller capital size. Yeah. So, the lowest risk setup would be just waiting for it to get right to the line. Mhm. So, yeah, this is the um this would be my A+ setup for a trend line bounce right here. Couldn't have made it harder for you. It's all right. So, in all three of these scenarios, we'll say this scenario and this scenario, the long positions and the short positions, all of this was marked off. You need these. Yeah. Yeah. Let's take a break for a minute there, guys, cuz I want to tell you about our preferred prop firm, Apex Trader Funding. Now, Apex is no stranger to the podcast or even chart fanatics because we've done two incredible episode with two record holders in terms of Trader Kane, who got a record payout at $2.3 million at Apex. And then beating that record in the end was Jadecap, aka Kyle, who also then has a record payout now of over $2.5 million in a single payout with Apex. And that really just shows the infinite possibilities you can achieve at Apex Trader Funding. Now, what traders love about Apex is that you can get up to 20 accounts. So whether you get the 25K account ranging all the way up to the 300K account, you can get 20 of those. So if it's 20 300K accounts, that is 6 million in tradable capital, which is absolutely incredible. Not only that, it's only a one-phase evaluation. There's no daily draw down and up to $25,000 per account. It's 100% yours and after that it's a 90% split in your favor. That's right. At Apex, you can actually trade with Wealth Charts, Trade of Ninja Trader. So, you can choose your favorite trading platform. And not only that, you will actually get realtime data included when purchasing your evaluation with Apex. What I personally love about Apex is that as long as you're trading your day-to-day strategy, you don't have to worry about trading the news. You can actually request your payouts every 8 days, and there's actually no cap to your max payout, which really shows the infinite possibilities you can have at Apex. Thanks to Chart Fanatics, you can get the best offer available at Apex. They are always running sales, so make sure to use the code CF. That will automatically give you the best offer available at Apex. The link for Apex Trader funding is in the description below. So, click that link, use the code CF, and you will get the best offer available. Become an Apex trader today. Now, let's get back to the episode. Would you say that this is really a key difference between people who are just trying to trade trend lines just by themselves, like literally just the trend line itself versus actually adding confluences and you criter? Oh my gosh, adding a playbook, adding entry criteria, adding confirmation changed everything about my trading. And I never had that. Like I mean if you go back on like my YouTube channel and like see my first few years of trading I will never mention anything about a playbook or an A+ setup or anything like that and it was after like you like you can't make any changes. It's just like a science experiment like you can't make any changes or have any proven data if you don't collect the data or create like these different setups or scenarios or hypotheses. So, if you can create these with like the different playbooks, the different setups, then you can gather data and see which ones are working for you. And that even helps with like identifying what instrument is better. If you were to trade this A+ trend line bounce and apply it to crude oil and platinum, I can guarantee you you're going to have so much more success with platinum than you are with crude oil. But you have to test it. You got to figure that out. Don't just take my word for it. Actually, yes, you have to trade a certain instrument with a certain time frame. Maybe if you trade platinum on a 5minute, you might not have as much success as you would on platinum on the 4 hour. So, you've really just got to have a constant, which would be the the playbook, which would be the entry criteria, but then have the different variables be like a different instrument or a different time frame so that you can test all this on. But when I started doing that, it it made such a huge change. But this is essentially the the trend line bounce scenario. I love that. I think you know your point there in terms of the data and you know really making sure you understand as an individual you know trader regardless of let's say you know someone's watching this video or one of your students for example you can show them this but they still and this goes for every strategy they still need to go and actually see it for themselves. Yeah, you know collect the data essentially because without that it's hard to build confidence. It's hard to actually believe in the system because you haven't because the difference is that you've done that. That's why you believe in the system. And that's why system works for you and it will work for other people but they just a lot of people unfortunately you think okay she said do this I'm going just going to do that and start trading straight away versus okay Tori said to do this let me go and she also said to the get the data right a lot of people ignore that bit um you know across the board with all strategies and it was interesting yeah one of the earlier episodes we did um someone mentioned about focusing on direction basically versus execution okay and it's a similar thought process in terms of what we're looking at here is like focus on actually understanding the strategy versus just learning something and then going out and trying to apply it straight away because when you then inevitably say take a loss or make a mistake or not applying it properly uh but not getting the result you want essentially you then blame the system instead of actually saying okay I didn't actually try it on platinum I tried it on something completely random without again without collecting data yeah exactly um so yeah it's a very good point but yeah this is the A+ trend line bounce should I w this off yep yeah I always get scared about rubbing things off in case. No, I can do it a h 100 times over. But that is a So that's a scenario where the trend line bounce. I mean, how in-depth do you want to go? Do you wanna I could do a scenario where it's not cherrypicking where those were just best case scenarios. Either way, we could do like, okay, what happens if you get a fake out? What happens if it we some of those scenarios, whatever you're comfortable with. Let's do it. So, we've got price here. It's coming up. We get a snap down. I wish I was better at drawing what price would be like. That would be great. But, okay. Now, let's say this is what we're looking at. This looks kind of like copper right now. So, we would think that this is our trend line right here. So, the trend line bounce we are anticipating that price is going to respect. So, let's say that we didn't see all of this yet. Can I use one of those napkins? Oh, cool. Oh, here we go. So, we're going to pretend like we don't see any of that. So, we don't know what the price did yet. There we go. So, price gets to this trend line. And what's cool is I also have um I'm going to try to make a bell. That's kind of a bell. Yeah, sure. Okay. So, that's an alert. So, I have alerts on all of my trend lines. Yeah. So, when price gets to or touches my trend line, I get an alert. I get it on my phone, on my Apple Watch, on my laptop. So, I'm the first to know. Obviously, not the very first, but I'm one of the first. Do you do that on Trading View, the alerts? Yeah. So, I'll set the alert. And that's that was also a game changer in my strategy. I have never been able to use trend line alerts. It was always price alerts. So I would have to just set a price. Yeah. Where if I could do it on trend line, it Oh my god, it made such a huge difference. It was the coolest feature to discover. So I have alerts on all these lines. So I'm the 4hour trader. I see point A, point B. Let's say that a day goes by. This is all a day's worth of movement. I'm not even looking at the charts. I'm I've got my alerts set. If price touches it again, I'll be the first to know. Yeah. Well, then let's say a day later, price gets to this line. All right. This is my indication based on the bounce and anticipating that price is going to respect this line. I'm going to take a buy order right here. So, I'm thinking price is going to respect. Yeah. And boom. Obviously, it doesn't. This is what's the coolest part about these action lines and safety lines is even when something scary like that happens, which a lot of traders will freeze up. They don't know what to do. Maybe they'll set their stop at, you know, the last low. This is my safety and my action. So, if price didn't respect it, I'm going to know immediately. Yes. Now, obviously, there's this part is subjective. Am I putting it this close? Am I allowing that much room? This part is going to be based on the trader. Um, if you're brand new, you could put it just below break even. So, there's a lot of options you can use for your stop loss. I'm going to use this guy here. Mhm. So, these are all stop losses, but these are going to be based on risk tolerance, position size, and experience. Mhm. I'd be comfortable really giving that some room, seeing is this going to is this a fake out? Is this a little wick? And then it's going to continue up. So, I'd be comfortable giving it some room. That's me. That's my experience level risk tolerance position size. For the beginner traders, I'd say something in in this range. Yeah, they're going to know pretty quickly, pretty instantly. So, this is a scenario where they took a loss immediately. Um, so yeah, I guess it's as easy as that. This is where price didn't respect the line. We're looking at, you know, all of our entry criteria was met, which is so it was still A+. I still took the setup. This just ended up being a scenario that didn't work out. So, we've got two touch points here. One, two. So, we can check that off. We're gonna make a Yeah, there we go. Data. We're going to call this um you know, another Monday to Monday. Yeah. And it's always going to be based on um someone asked me this today specifically when we're going over how much data is behind the line. Where does the starting point and ending point? Um, and it's always going to be the first touch point to where price is at now where you're getting ready to enter. Okay? So, if this was Monday, that doesn't count as the week's worth of that's plenty. If this ended up being Monday to Monday, you're looking at plenty of data. So, you can definitely check that one off. But, it's always going to be based on the first touch point of the trend line to where you're getting in right now. Okay. Got you. So, we can check that one off. And then it's almost always going to be low risk because action line is safety line. So, this was an A+ setup here and it just didn't work out. That is a losing scenario of the bounce. Yeah, you can wipe now. Should I keep this again or No, no, you can erase that one. I'll redraw them on this side. Make it easy for you. Yeah. Okay. So, now let's do um my my bread and butter. Yeah. The trend line break. Mhm. So, this is And some people still trade the bounce. Whenever my uncle taught me how to trade, I traded the bounce. I traded actually to be honest I traded something called channels. Yeah. Where price is trending and it's kind of bouncing in between here. I tried to do buy orders, sell orders, buy orders, sell orders. I tried to do um we've got I'm going to that was me trying to attempt a break and retest. Okay, there we go. Okay, so I used to trade the break and retest. I used to wait for um let's say we got price coming up and then boom. I'd wait for the candle to close to be done. So there's so many different ways to trade trend lines. Then there's you know the classic trend line bounce and then the one more I'mma fit right in here. I didn't need to go that far with it. The trend line break. So, we've got a lot of different ways to trade trend lines. And I tried them all. And what changed was, like we talked about, is like calculating, like figuring out, gathering data, seeing which one of all these different ways to trade trend lines. The candle closure, the break and retest, the channels, the break, the bounce. Like, there's so many. There's probably even more ways to trade trend lines than I even know. But I've tried all of these. And the only way that you can narrow this down and figure out what works with you is to just gather the data. Yeah. put in the reps. Yeah. Yeah. But um Okay, so now the trend line break. Okay, let's see how I can draw price here. Here we go. We're We're going We're going higher and then we're going lower. Okay. When I tell you platinum looks like this on a regular basis, I'm telling you it does. It's the coolest thing ever. Sometimes we'll get some consolidation, but like after that consolidation, it just goes. It's the most beautiful thing ever. But okay, so trading the trend line break. Also, when I draw my trend lines, you'll see that um I color code them as well. So, I will make sure that my trend line, my upward trend lines are green, my downward trend lines are red. Nice. But when we're trading the trend line break, this is a scenario where I'm still going to have my playbook. Mhm. Um, for trend line breaks, I've got two playbooks that I've been experimenting with for the past like 3 years, which is just simply the amount of touch points that a trend line has. Um, when I'm trying to experiment with like entry criteria or different setups or playbooks, I want to when I'm making any sort of change, like I want it to be so minimal because if I start to add like now, I also want to change the amount of data that's behind a trend line and the amount of touch points. It's like it's so hard to make modifications or see what works. Yeah. When you're making too many adjustments. Yeah. So, we've got our A+ setup here for we're going to call this a three touch point. I'm going to put a plus because platinum will normally like we get three, four, five touch points on a regular basis. It's it's pretty fascinating. I'm a huge advocate for uh Freddy Platinum. Yeah, I can tell. And especially with the trend lines though, it's it's it be it respects trend lines beautifully. Um, and it's very different from like the other metals like silver, copper, gold. So different. And it just it's it's crazy. But it's also a little bit um higher barrier to entry. So it's a little bit more expensive to trade platinum. Um, so we're going to do the three plus trend line break. Boom. So our entry criteria for this one is first it has to have three or more touch points. Not to be confused with take profit. That is touch point. Um, and then the next one is has to have over a week's worth of data. Overs overs week data. And then the last one is it has to be low risk. And then I'll go over some different scenarios. Now, this one sometimes isn't met. So, since we're not trading the bounce, there can be very high-risisk scenarios that I just have to pass up on because we got a break and when price made that break, I'll try to do some examples, but it was just way too far away. Okay, so this is my playbook right here for the three touch point trend line break. Three or more touch point, trend line break. So, let's say I'm looking at Could I use that napkin again? Of course. I love to pretend like we can't see what happened, even though it's very obvious. All right, so I don't know any of that's about to happen. Mhm. All I'm doing is making sure that I've got my alert. Nope. Here we go. My little bell. Okay. I'm making sure my alert is set. And all I need is two touch points to draw a trend line. Yes. Just cuz I mean, you got to at least have the second one to kind of try to gauge where price is going. So, I've got one and two touch points. So, by this time, I would have known, okay, I've got a second touch point. My alert is set. If price breaks it, I'm going to enter. So price bounced. So now the trader that was using the bounce was having a great time. Just a beautiful setup. I wasn't looking for any of that. And the only reason that I don't trade the bounce anymore is because the amount of data that I've gotten from my trend line breaks. I'm okay passing up on all these because I have found incredible success trading the breaks. So I'm looking for less trades also. So if I were to incorporate the bounce and the break and two touch points and three touch points, I'm placing a lot of trades. So, I'm trying to narrow this down. Yeah. So, passing up on all these I'm okay with. I'm just waiting for it to finally break. It finally breaks right here. Now, my alert will go off here. My alert will go off here. And my alert will go off here just in case. Yeah. Yeah. So, I'm I'm on red alert. I'm ready. When price touched it, I'm like, "Okay, I'm watching it for a little while." Um I mean, these are 4hour candles, so I've got plenty of time to make a decision. Yes. So, I'll see the alert will go off. I'll watch it throughout the day and see that it it never ended up breaking and just continue to respect it. So, moving on. Then the alert will go off again here. Do the same thing. I'll monitor the the price. I'll see if it breaks. Maybe like it wicked out just a hair but not enough to convince me. And then continued up. Here would have been another scenario where I would have been I probably would have had my hand on my phone ready to trade because this probably was if we were to look at the candle open without closing like I'm sure closing it probably would have just been a wick but if I'm watching this in real time it's the c the body of the candle is moving down. This looks like this might be a setup for me and then let's just say it ended up being a wick and I can do a little wick here. Um, so we're going to say this was just a wick part of that price. Beautiful. So then I ended up passing up on this one as well. But then this guy right here. Now, you'd think that I've wrinkled this all up. You think that I would get in right here? Yes. But I can't. So the reason I can't is because I don't have Oh, we didn't even write it down yet. So, I need action line and safety. The action line I have cuz price broke. So, that's telling me to take action. The safety line is what I don't have. Okay. So, this is where people um think that I take or maybe they don't do maybe they haven't interpreted my strategy the right way. So, after this they'll be able to. Yeah. But I don't take setups like this because I don't have a I don't have a a line keeping me safe. Mhm. So, this is where I have to be patient. So, now my alert went off. Price broke. Okay, amazing. But, we were working with all-time highs. I don't have anything keeping me safe. So, this one doesn't have a safety line. And if I was to enter, it's incredibly high risk because it'd have to come all the way back up here. So, I don't have a point A and point B. So, this is where I would have to just sit and wait now. So now as price continued and did something like this, now I have a point A and a point B. So now I can get involved. So let me get my red line going here. Now I can draw a line. Boom. So we've got a point A and a point B. Amazing. But now at what point do I enter? This is where I will take this line and I will adjust it. So I'm going to do a dotted line and kind of visually Pretend like I'm taking this line and moving it to this new low. So, we're gonna say this is where I've moved this line to now. So, now we have a break. I've got an action line and a safety line. Now, I can actually get involved. So, there's there's moments where I can't You'd think it's so much more obvious. You're like, "Okay, the price broke a trend line. Get in." But there's so much more that has to be met. I have to have a point A, a point B for the opposing trend line. Yeah. And now I have a line that's keeping me safe. But now guess what? On this set, it's only two points. So do you see how much like there has to be so much criteria met? So like this is a scenario where it wouldn't even be an A+ setup. Like we've only got one two touch points. So I'd be able to check off, you know, two of these items. It's low risk and we'll go over why that is. But we've got only two touch points instead of three. Um we've got, you know, maybe this is another Monday to Monday or maybe it wasn't. Maybe this is a Monday to Wednesday. Then we don't even have a week's worth of data. So this is so much time has gone by. We finally get a break and I still can't take the setup. So these are just scenarios where I have to be so picky about setups. I have to pass up on so many scenarios because not everything was met. So it's the hardest part about being a swing trader, first of all. Yeah. And this is how I've just I think this is how I've found my edge is being pickier on trades and just allowing everything to be met. All of this criteria even though that first break, you'd think it's obvious the trend line broke. It's time to get in. No, I have to now have an opposing trend line. I've got to have a high and a lower high to draw a downward trend line. Yeah. Then I have to adjust the previous trend line, which only has two touch points now. So, there's just so much that goes into it to allow me to actually take that trade. So, for this setup, we're going to say that I am taking the we're going to go back on my word and say that this is now a two touch point trend line break, which I do have both playbooks. Um, what I've gathered from my playbooks is my win rate is higher on my two touch point trend line break versus the three touch point trend line break. Um, well, we can go into it a little bit later, but um, but my average loss is much higher on the two touch point. So, they're higher risk setups than my three. So, it's it's very interesting and it's the coolest thing to be able to collect that data. Yeah. But, okay. So, let's say that we took this signal right here. So, we've got a break of a two touch point trend line. We've got one touch point and two touch points here. Oh, of interest. Why do you adjust it from the start of this trend line versus say adjust it from the closer Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So when I am marking up charts, I do a top down analysis and I am essentially trying to create like a a fan of trend lines. So one rule that I have is my previous point B of a trend line will always be the start of the new. So um let's say that we're looking at we'll pretend like this is a mini um computer right here. Mhm. Okay. So this is a chart that we've got on a we're saying we're looking at a monthly time frame here. So I'll always do a top down. Mhm. So I want to see what the price has done overall. Um so let's say price is starting low came down lower but then like moved really aggressively high. So we'll say this is this is our chart here. I will start on the monthly time frame. Scoop. I'm looking for the lowest point I see on the screen. Y I'm drawing an upward trend line. Boom. And then my previous touch point, my most recent previous touch point is going to be the start of the new. Okay. Yeah. So then we come up even steeper here. And then as I go from the monthly to the daily to the weekly to the 4 hour, I'll get a much closer look and these it will start to look like a fan. Then we've got steeper and steeper and steeper trend lines. Okay? So previous a good rule of thumb is just to think previous point B is going to be new point A. And is if it's starting to look like a fan, you're doing it right. Let's take a break for a minute there, guys, cuz I want to tell you about our incredible sponsor, Tradezeller. Tradezella is the number one trading tool in the entire trading industry. Tradzella allows you to become a more profitable trader. Allows you to make immense progress as a trader, no matter if you're a beginner or an advanced level trader, because it makes journaling easy. It makes journaling something that is fun and enjoyable and something that is interactive. So, no matter if you're a crypto trader, no matter if you're a futures trader, no matter if you're a forex trader, no matter if you're a stock trader, all you have to do is select your broker, your platform of choice, and connect it to Tradzella, and it will automatically sync your trades and pull all of that data onto the dashboard, making journaling and finding your edge and adapting your edge so easy. In collaboration with Tradzella and Chart Fanatic specifically, we are actually getting the playbooks from the episodes that we're filming with these incredible verified traders and adding them as playbooks onto Tradezella. So, you can actually go on there and see the rule sets already predefined. So, make sure you check that out as well. Now, you can actually get 10% off your monthly subscription using CF10 on Tradzella right now. But more importantly, I would say CF20 for 20% off your yearly subscription with Tradezella. The links for Tradezella are in the description below. So, make sure you go check them out. Use CF20, get 20% off your yearly subscription, become a better trader today. Now, let's get back to the episode. So, I'm always trying to pivot. Pivot at the lowest point I have on the screen. And the reason why I'm doing that is I'm trying to identify which one of these touch points is the true point B of this trend. Yeah. Or a true touch point of this trend. So at one point this one was accurate. But if we are moving down, which break of the trend line was the one that actually solidified the trend reversal and it was this one right here. So um yeah, I don't know where I was going with that, but yeah, my trend lines will always be like a fan of upper trend lines. I'm trying to maintain point A and just pivot from there. Always adjust. If it goes if it goes higher, I need to draw steeper trend lines. If it goes lower, I need to take that point B and move it. So, this is where I would have moved it to here. Do you ever have anything when it like a trend line will cross over, for example? Um, what do you So, if like the ascending and the descending cross over, is that any any uh bonus? Oh, like a little bit of a wedge. Oh. Um, no. But I would say when I do have double confirmation, it's only when we are in consolidation. So, should I move this? Yeah, go ahead. So, if we're ever in consolidation, I like to try to mark up um as many touch points as possible on the lows and highs. Okay. And let's say that I've got a downward trend line here. And let's say we don't see any of this. Yeah, of course. When So, this has created somewhat of a wedge here right in between the consolidation and the downward trend line. It finally broke out. This right here would have been double confirmation. So it would have given me first confirmation that we're no longer in this consolidation because it's finally broken out. Yeah. And it also crossed a downward trend line. So this would have been a a double confirmation. Do you see? Sure. Double confirmation too. Um but as far as like wedges go, um doesn't really make too much of a difference to me. Um doesn't add any value or any additional confirmation to me. But this would be the only scenario where something like that does give me add conference. That's great. So, trend line break. So, had to be super picky. Had to wait for this. Yeah. Um, but now that we finally have a high and a lower high to where we can start our trend line, then we got a break right here. Alert went off after I moved it to this new low here. I can finally take a position after all of this time. After weeks, it's Yes, it's exactly how it feels after weeks have gone by waiting for a good setup. Yeah. Um I mean weeks rarely, but it's usually days and it's exhausting. And then seeing a move like this gives you FOMO because you wish you'd gotten in, you know, here at the double confirmation. Maybe I slept through that alarm. Maybe I didn't catch that setup. So then this gives you so much FOMO you want to just take a trade. You'd be probably more inclined to take this little tiny wick because you've just you've got FOMO. You're like, "This was such a move. I want to get in on it." So, I've trading as many as many years as I've been trading, I've been able to like just pass up on these. Like, I'm just I'm okay with it. I'm okay with not taking that setup, not taking that setup and then waiting to finally get a lower high so that I can draw a line and now take a good setup. So, was the strategy the same when you were cuz originally you were day trading. Yeah. Was it the same in terms of the general concepts and well data wise maybe just shrunk down to data wise days I didn't have Oh absolutely yeah when it comes to like the five minute time frame I'm purely just going off touch points cuz the data could be it could happen in an hour two hours um so I didn't use this but as far as when it comes to day trading I didn't even have like I didn't have a journal back then so like I I didn't track it as well as I did in the 4 hour time frame so but as far as like the trend line breaks the trend line bounces the channels that I traded. All of those scenarios I traded in the fiveminute time frame. But it was slowly as I started to narrow down my instruments, my time frames, and my setups and then move to higher time frames as well that I started to see the success that I've had. How was the transition? Like, as you said, you could be waiting weeks or days, but at least, you know, the patience has to be there. But going from day trading this style to where you're getting a lot more frequency to then obviously doing this was there like a a period of getting those reps in building that tolerance of patience etc. Yeah. Um it was 2023 like I'm going back on a fever dream. It was it was really really tough. Um, and I did it publicly and I I thought it would be like a super fun journey to be like, "Guess what? I'm moving from day trader to swing trader." And like January and February just awful. Publicly awful. Like it was excruciating. And then to have to post about it. Um, I placed way too many trades. I kept reverting to the 1 hour and I was like, "What are you doing?" Like you're showing everybody that you're a swing trader now and you keep going back to the 1 hour time frame. So, it took I truly think it took that whole year. Like, which blows my mind when some people tell me that they're switching time frames and they want success in a few weeks. Yeah. Yeah. It took me a year to master swing trading. And I feel like swing trading is not for the faint of heart. Like, you have to wait for so much time to go by. You don't even get the reps in. You can't get the reps in. Yeah. Because they're so far and few between. So, I think you ha you kind of have to start in the lower time frames to get the reps into the strategy um before you actually move up in time frames. Build your tolerance. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And just get a handle for the strategy itself. Definitely. I love that. All right, we got an upward trend line. Upward trend line. Okay, I'll try it with this one. Price is respecting one, two. We'll say this is just a two touch point trend line break. Then we get a break here. Oh, okay. I see what I'm doing wrong here. Give me a second. I need price to have gone higher before it breaks. There we go. There we go. There we go. Okay. This is a high risk code. It looks awful. Okay. Boom. And then we'll do a scenario where is low risk, but it was a fake out. So, we'll go looking good. Looking good. We'll call this one A+ one, two, three touch points. Boom. Boom. Boom. Okay. All right. So, we've got high risk and low risk. Yeah. And let me show you why one is higher and one is lower. Ah, thank you. So, we've still got the break. Yeah. Price broke a trend line here. This one we've got one, two, three touch points. We'll say this was A+. This was a great setup. A week's worth of data, lowrisk setup. Um, three touch points. Amazing. This one right here only has two touch points and it's high risk. Now, let's go over what the the high-risisk part means. So, we've got an action line. So, you guys remember action line and safety line? Yep. I mean, you remember. I feel like we're talking to the camera. We're talking to everybody. They know. Everybody remembers. We got an action. We got an action and a safety. Action line is the one that tells you to get into the trade. That's the line that was broken. That's the trend line that was broken. The opposing trend line. So different from the bounce, the bounce, these are one and the same. When you take the break, the opposing trend line is going to be the safety line. So your up safety line action line is the one that broke. So in this scenario, the upward trend line was the action told you to get in. So we're going to say this is our entry. This is our entry. And the safety line, this is what mitigates our risk. This is what tells us if it's high risk or low risk. This is this tells us how long to stay in. Like this line, I'm telling you, is everything. Mhm. Um, it allows me to remove the decision- making. It allows the price to tell me what decisions to make. So, this safety line is the key to everything. Um, I was going to draw a key, but I don't even know how to do that. So, we've got we've got our downward line, which is our safety. So action line, upward line, safety line, downward line. When the price broke, this is how we This is how we figure out our risk. High risk or low risk. Yeah. We're trying to figure out the distance between when the price broke and the safety line, the difference between the two. Mhm. So when price broke over here, which we'll say maybe it was down here, somewhere in this area, this candle, we'll say somewhere in this 4hour candle, price is this far away from the safety line. Pretty close. Just visually looking at it, aside from how many contracts you're trading, how many ticks it is, just visually looking at it, price is fairly close to this line. So this is considered low risk simply because of the fact that when the price broke, it was close to the safety line. Yeah. when the price broke here, which we'll say it could be at any point here when you're deciding to enter depending on the risk tolerance, capital size, um if you need additional confirmation, whatever it may be, it's a farther distance from when the price broke versus here. Yeah. So, it's just it's simply that's right there. What tells us if it's high risk or low risk is when the price makes the break, how close is it to the safety line? Mhm. And there's going to be many times where this happens and especially like after the tariff stuff and the tweets and all of the whole nine yards. Price makes such aggressive moves that I had to pass up on so many scenarios because it it made such an aggressive drop or you know vice versa. Have I labeled this wrong? Oh um yes. Yeah. I wanted to make sure I made the mistake there. Everyone I was thinking when you were saying it I was like I've done this wrong. Yeah. Low risk. Yes. High risk. And that's because of the distance. Yes. The distance between when price broke in conjunction to the safety. Yeah. Because then your stop's going to be much higher. Exactly. When it's closer up. Yeah. And the stop will always trail. So it'll just And this is this part's manual. And I'm sure maybe maybe there's brokers that allow you to like automatically trail your stop. Yeah. Okay. I I haven't I don't have any experience with that. There's like a lot of softwares rather than I haven't personally come across a broker. Um, but I think there's like different softwares that you can plug into the platform, trading platforms and stuff. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well, usually it's just manual for me. Yeah. In terms of execution, do you do manual execution as well? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. I think that's a cool part about um my strategy as well is I'm not using limit orders. So, and I think that's what's cool. I'm I feel like very in sync with my instruments because one, all these lines that I'm drawing, I'm drawing them manually. I'm not throwing a trend line indicator. I'm not using the magnet tool to snap it, you know, in these point A's and point B's. I'm doing this myself. Yeah. I'm finding a low. I'm finding a higher low. I'm drawing the trend line. As price moves, as we get, you know, steeper movement, I'm drawing more trend lines. And I'm I'm actively adjusting my trend lines, deleting trend lines, drawing new ones. I feel very in tune with it. So, when it comes to my entries as well, I'm using the market order. So, I'm I'm watching. So like here my alert would have went off. Alert would have went off. Alert would have went off. And I'm I'm watching and I'm waiting. I'm watching. I'm waiting. Price doesn't break. And then this is the moment where I'm now I have to make the decision at what point am I getting in? Yes. So you need a do you really need a candle close and leave the trend line to confirm it? Not in a 4hour time frame. Okay. Um it's to have to add that to my list of things like I'd never I'd never trade. I probably would never have a setup. I mean eventually I would but um it reduces it down too much. Yeah. Yeah. So I would enter just simply when I think when I'm convinced it's just it's having conviction that okay this depend on that momentum and you how how the day has gone or the last few days has gone. Yeah. Absolutely. Mhm. So it's just if you know price is just hanging out around the line I'm I'm not convinced. If we were getting like this candle has got some momentum this body is moving down I'm thinking okay it's time to get in. I feel confident about this move. All my in also depend on like how much momentum was before as well before it broke. Mhm. Absolutely. So that is yeah high risk and low risk. That's great. Let's go over some quick pros and cons. And again I like to highlight for the audience cons doesn't mean it's bad. It's just literally things to be aware of okay when uh trading this style. Um things like you know may have been hurdles or things just that may be a bit of a challenge that you might not be used to. Um, if I do cons on this side for you and then if you want to do pros on yours. Love it. I would say patience, of course. And again, it's it's really weird because patience, if you go through all of the chart fanatics episodes, seems to be the one thing I always write down. Yeah. Um, but it's the truth for any strategy. Even if you're a scalper, even if you're a swing trader, obviously it's more prevalent when you're a swing trader, of course, uh, because the patience is, you know, days, it could be weeks depending on, you know, the the the charts, etc. Um, but even as a scalper, you got to be patient for the right trade. But patience for sure. I think I wouldn't say it's a negative or like a con in that sense. But like patience, I say that you really have to, it's a positive because that's what you know helps you to be profitable using the system. But I would say something to be aware of is you need to follow the rules. Yeah. Right. You got to be picky. Set the rules because even if you don't copy exactly what Tori does, you need to create your own at the minimum because otherwise you're taking every break, every bounce, everything. There's so much there's I think that's part of the cons is that there could be so many setups. There could be fake outs, so many trend line breaks. Um so it's until you start to narrow it down and create rules that you'll move to the pro side. Definitely. And I love that. Um we'll go we'll come to the pro side. So pro side I think obviously there are rules you know as we mentioned um is specific in terms of time frame which I think is really helpful because I think when a lot of these other strategies you're jumping between time frames it can be very easy to sort of start to second guess or fix yourself but with this way at least it's like one time frame I think it's like a a one thing like one time frame one instrument and one I mean if depending on what uh time frame you're trading it could be one trade a day one trade a week, one trade a month. Um, but I think, okay, you don't have to do the decision- making yourself. So, as a female, I don't know if this is an awful thing to say, I hate making decisions. So, I allow I allow the price to tell me when to get in and when to get out. Yes. So, this is this is purely relying on price action, which I think is a pro. We're not relying on like um hypotheticals or news or fundamentals or having to make this decision oursel. Like, this is purely price action, purely allowing the price to dictate the decision. So, I'm gonna say no. D. No, that's a B. D E C I S I O N S. Or is there a C there? Don't know. You're asking. Yeah, don't worry. I'm sure the comment section will be will be correcting us if if necessary. Okay. But no decisions. Um, and it's purely price action, which I love. There's a great one. And I think another one as well would be your your trade management as well. It's a clear trade management system like you follow whether it's stop loss, whether it's moving the stop. Um so it's not really left to interpretation. You you have a very clear system using the strategy. Uh which on this side to be fair I had one uh which was though we have the riskmanagement side in terms of execution it's a bit more how do you call it discretionary. Yeah. So yeah that's true. That's true. I can't definitely can't spell discretionary. Discretionary execution can't spell. D E. Yeah, that's what we'll put. Discretionary execution. Yes. So like allowing like how far do you let the candle break? There is discretion involved. And I think what comes along with that which could be moved to a pro. It's just if you can build the relationship with the instrument like then it makes the discretion so much easier. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's where that all comes down. where the discretion comes in is that when you've done the reps and got the data, it's it's still discretion, but it's more like that's where the intuition comes in. It's the fact that you've done it so much that you get a good feeling as we talked about is like, okay, if there's enough momentum here, I've seen this, you know, here's examples of this, you know, here's the data behind this. And I think that's really, you know, something that I really try and focus on and I know a lot of the sort of professional traders like yourself and others really focus on is that data because without that data, it's hard to have confidence. Yeah. It's understandable why you wouldn't be confident and without the confidence to be able in your edge, it's hard to execute, right? And that's where if you're discretion without the edge, that's going to be really difficult. But if you've done it right, which is what everyone's saying, make sure you have your edge and your data and you collected that yourself. Even if someone has taught you who's done that themselves, it's still important for you to, I believe, go out there because um you need to be able to trust it. And the only way to do that is that you've seen it. Um not just from someone else, but you've seen it yourself. Beautifully said. Yeah. That's where you gain the confidence. I think that is that is 100% it. Like I could teach a strategy, but you won't have the discretion to just take that break. Yeah. and like instead of having hesitance and maybe waiting for the retest or waiting for the candle closure, um you just won't have that confidence to get in until you've done it so many times that you're like, you know what, I can get in upon break. I don't have to wait for the candle to close or I don't have to wait for the retest or maybe I do. So, it's And another thing that um I would like to add to pros and cons is a lot of people want to trade platinum because I do like it's just and I get it. Platinum is a higher barrier to entry. So that would be only but this is purely based on if they want to trade exactly like me. Yeah. It's in the futures market. I think it costs somewhere between like six grand or 6,600 to hold one contract. Wow. Now that isn't a margin account, but it is still a higher barrier to entry. So a lot of people come in thinking I want to I want to practice. I want to simulate on platinum and then when they go live they're like I can't even afford this. Um, so that is something to keep in mind, which is why you need to get the reps in and get the discretion because you can apply the same strategy to any instrument. Yeah, that's the coolest part. So, if you can just get the reps in to a different instrument or something maybe like a micro gold or a micro silver, some of the micros, you can still develop that edge and eventually work your way to platinum as you grow your account. Or maybe you just continue to trade that same instrument because you found the same here. That's why I mentioned is range like it's obviously the strategy is not really based for rangebound markets. Um so there will be lack of opportunities there. Yeah. Versus but that's why you've chosen pattern. That's true. Because it will it'll be trending a lot more on this side. On the pro side, however, I would say fractal. So obviously it's fractal. You can use it on different time frames. Um just of course adjust rules and make sure to uh collect that data. So you can adjust those rules. Yeah. Um I couldn't spell fractal so we'll leave it at that. That's okay. Um and the last one was in terms of like you know you the system can work. Again, there might be some nuances, you know, slight rule changes if necessary. But if you can identify a really good trending market, you know, that's a great one for trend lines, right? Yes. So, like the opposite of the range. Yes. Cuz like a pair like Euro GBP, right, on the forex side that's going to be terrible for trend because that just ranges just in a range for the last 10 years. Um, so you pull your hair out. But something like gold gold or platinum or even something like Euro AED or or GBP NZD there are huge ranges you know huge movements um so those will be a bit more you know bit more suitable. Cool. Let's get on to the charts. I'm super excited to see now you know what we see over there and see those live examples. Yeah. Let's take a break for a minute there guys cuz I want to tell you about our incredible partnership with propfirmtrader.com. Majority of you out there are prop firm traders. You're using prop firms to leverage your trading skills to be able to get more capital and to be able to absolutely change your life. So what's important to you to be able to find the right challenge for you with the best firms and most of all the best prices. That is exactly what propertrader.com does. propertrader.coms allows you to compare prop firms, be able to find the best challenge suited to your trading style, and get you the exclusive best discounts in the entire industry so that you're paying the cheapest price possible for your prop firm challenge. So on propertrader.com, you'll be able to use filters to be able to do that and find the exact challenge for you, be able to find your favorite prop firms. On the futures side, we have the biggest futures firm in the entire industry with Apex Trader funding giving us the best discount possible. Right now, it's actually 80% off using the code PFT. On the CFD side, on Forex side, we actually have a brokerbacked prop firm called Atmos Funded backed by Torex and they are giving an exclusive offer at 50% off all challenges again using the code PFT. So, make sure you go do that. And not only that, another exclusive offer only on Propirm Trader with another brokerbacked Propirm Blueberry 25% off using code PFT25. While also on your first payout, you get a free double-siz challenge account. So on your first payout, you have 100K account. You will then get a 200K account given to you. And on top of that, you can get an exclusive offer only on propertrader.com with Alpha Capital on their one-step challenge, 25% off. using PFT1. So, make sure you go and do that. And there's so many more exclusive discounts only on propertrader.com. It is the go-to site for all proper traders out there. And one thing I'm really excited about that I personally helped to organize was the giveaway of giveaways, the 7figure giveaway just through purchasing your challenges for the best price through propertrader.com. Every single week, you will automatically be entered into an incredible giveaway. a collaborative effort across all of these firms on screen between 100 to 200k accounts over seven figures. It means that one person every single week who's made a purchase through propertrader.com will be getting seven figures in challenges that could completely revolutionize your trading journey. Again, all you do is for any of the firms on propertrader.com, use the code PFT at checkout and you will automatically be entered every single week. The link for propertrader.com is in the description below. Now, let's get back to the episode. Yeah, we got the laptop out right now. We're going to go on to some live examples of exactly what Tori drew out for us and and broke down for us. So, we're going to see some actual uh charts now of the exact same stuff. And I'm excited for this to be honest with you. Like I said, you know, we've done so many pods. Yeah. Talked about the journey and Yeah, exactly. We talked about the strategy, but it's been a pleasure to actually see it now. So, um, we could start with this is copper. I was actually just marking this up this morning. Um, so this is kind of what my charts look like on a normal basis. Maybe some people will call this a laser show. I get picked on so much for it, but it makes so much sense to me. Everything's colorcoded. It, to be honest, it's very It makes so much sense to me. It's now some of these would be deleted. I was going over scenarios in the past. But if I was to have my copper chart marked up right now in real time, this would be gone. Yeah. So, this is where I can delete the line because it's been crossed. It's no longer relevant. I can take this line and pivot. So, remember we were talking about point A. Yeah. That stays the same. We're always when we're working with the highest point and the lowest point, that stays the same. We're just continuing to pivot. So, this right here would be moved to this new low. So, if the price does continue down, then we've just got a a very long um not very aggressive trend. This may be it. Price comes down, it comes up, it comes down, it comes up. If we look at this on a much higher time frame, it it might have a little bit more of an angle to it. But right now, this very well could be, if this continues down, this could be the point A and the point B. So, that's what I'm just trying to do. I'm as I rotate my lines, as I adjust my lines, as I find new highs or new lows, I'm I'm just trying to figure out which one is it going to actually respect. Cuz here at one point it would have been it would have been here. Yeah. Broke right through it. At one point it would have been here which this was an A+ setup. One, two, three touch points. We got a break. It's continuing up. So this right here is an A+ setup. And I've got one of my students that is in the trade right now just managing. They got double confirmation that we talked about because price broke out of the range. Amazing. And now they're just allowing this line right here to keep them safe. Yeah. And even though they got in, price pulled back. She was sweating. Like, as long as it respects this line, she's okay with all the eb and flow. It could come down right now and then still continue up. Or if it comes down, she's now able to close that trade in profit because she was able to trail that stop along this line. Yes. So, that's the coolest part. But as price moves, you're always going to be adjusting and rotating and deleting and adding new lines. So, right now, if I was to trade this right here, let's say that I wasn't in a trade right now, I would have to wait for price. This is where I've got alerts on either one. Then, I'd set the alerts and close the screen. I'm done. And I would just simply wait for the price of copper to break either the downward or the upward. So as an example just to go back because uh I don't think that we were scrolling then but this was the A+ setup here. So we break out of the range retest uh because at that point as well we had one two and then the third. So break bounce. Um so that's great. And then as you're saying right now for example if we were to we wouldn't trade off the back of this cuz this is only two touches right now right? Yep. Um but the second one isn't confirmed yet until we break lower. Yeah. Um but right now you could if you were looking at bounces using the Oh, absolutely. the upper trend line here, we could look at doing the bounces and if this needs adjusting, is there a point where you would just stop adjusting? If it breaks this high, I imagine um if it ever gets high, yeah, if it ever gets higher than this and becomes horizontal, I'd just use that. And then that's another scenario where I have to be patient yet again and wait for um if price breaks this last high, I'd have to wait for price to start giving me a another high and a lower high to start trading a downward trend line. Got you. So that's only if I'm working with alltime highs, but I have to be very patient if I'm working with all-time highs because I have to wait for a lower high to draw a downward trend line. No, that makes sense. But this is copper. Um platinum we can go over which is just absolutely beautiful. I'll even take it. Right now we were in a range. I'll sure all day I'll take it because when it when it goes it goes. It's just so beautiful. Right here we had let's see one two three four five touch points. It does that on a regular basis. It's so fascinating to me. Um right now we are in a range. So I'm not trading. I'm sitting on my hands. I'm a little bit frustrated. Um especially because I missed all of this. This was tariffs, Trump tweets, like so much volatility, so much movement. I missed out on all of it. too high risk when price moves so aggressively away. Yeah. From the safety line, which would have been way freaking back here. Let me see if I can show you here. Also, just fun little um tidbit. I don't use the trend line tool. You doesn't that isn't that ironic? I use the You're not I use the I'm a ray trader. I use the ray tool because I need it to go indefinitely. Like if prices continue, I'm going to use it in the future. Makes it much easier. Yeah. So, at one point, this was a safety line. So, when price broke, like let's say, for example, um actually I think I was presented with a setup. Let me see if I can go back far enough. Okay, so we're going to say we can't see any of the crazy move it made recently. But let's say we did see this. So, we're always going to work with our the lowest point we see on the screen. Yeah. And let's say that this was maybe let's say that I was thinking of a two touch point trend line break. Point A, point B. We've got Let me make this green so it's not too lasery. Or maybe it made it worse. So when price broke right here. Yeah. Look how incredibly far away it was. Yeah. From my safety. I had to pass up on that. Even though price just melted. Like that hurt so much. It was just too high risk. If price broke and came back up, it's always the risk is always worst case scenario if price was to pull back and move against you and break the the line at that very candle right there. So if this candle right here was to come up and break, there's just way too much space in between. Yeah. Too much space here. Yeah. Yeah. So that was a high-risisk setup that I had to pass up on that just hurt because it kept going. How do you handle those moment? Uh, is it just a case where obviously you've been in the markets long enough, you've had enough reps where you kind obviously you still feel it, but you just accept it and be able to move on. That doesn't go away. That doesn't go away. And to be honest, it's worse now that I'm so much more plugged into social media. Back then, I didn't really know many other traders at all. I wasn't seeing anyone profit comparison. Yes. Yeah. So, it's worse nowadays, but I've got the the discipline and like self-awareness to not act on it, to not just place a stupid trade, make a a dumb decision, take a high-risisk setup when I shouldn't. Like the feelings are absolutely always still there, but I just don't act on them. Definitely. And do we have some uh stats that we we could go over in terms of I know that again you use data a lot for your trading and use obviously Tradzilla here. So, this is Tradzilla. This is the past. Whoops. Give me one sec. This is the past I think four years of trading. Three to four years incredible of trading. Um and then my favorite part is going to be the playbooks. Boom. This part. So seeing what like what data like what I can get to break stuff. We don't have anything on that yet, but I'm working with it. I like the emoji there. Yeah. Trend line bounce. I was like, ah, that makes total sense. Two touch point trend line break. Three touch point trend line break. So you can see the two touch point have got a better win rate. Incredible. But my average loser is 15 grand versus five grand. Interesting. So very different stats. But this right here has been my tried and true. Yeah. The win rates aren't like crazy different though. Only a 5% difference. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that was I think this has gone up more specifically since uh this year. It was a little bit more of a significant difference between the two. But true. Yeah. But you've been more active this year as well, right? That's incredible. Honestly, this is why I think data is so important because even just looking or one obviously breaking it down into playbooks is so helpful. Um because I was I didn't trade for a long time during the whole rise of the podcast and this year I really started to try and be more active again. Okay. So I sync to Tradesella and I'm still need to set up my playbooks but it was just like I only have one playbook to be fair right now but I still need to sync it up. But it's just so good like it's so easy to do and then especially when you then are on like the calendar for example and you're go on the individual trade all you do is just tag the playbook. Yeah. Yeah. You know and then it will create the stats like this which is great. Um and I think it's just such a a game changer for traders to be able to see their data and I think that's was just the missing link for a lot of traders. I think so too. You know they don't have edge and they don't have data to even form an edge in the beginning. They're not even focused on you know it's kind of similar to what you said. Same with me though as well. When I first started, none of that was really what I focused on. It wasn't I didn't even know what it was. I know. Same. Um I remember the first strategy I learned was literally just here's some three or four confluences. Meaning like you know here's a trend line, you can use this or you know a break and retest or a zone or Fibonacci. Like it wasn't like a strategy. It was more like if you have three or four of these things take three. Okay. You know which is you could say is like the beginning of an edge, right? But there's no conversation of edge. who are now thankfully, you know, thanks to people like you and and others as well. Hopefully myself, I'm I'm trying to help as well, but it's really putting that focus on edge and data. Um because once you understand that, it doesn't mean you'll be profitable. At least it will show you why you're not profitable. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Um but yeah, and a phenomenal results, Tori, and thank you again for breaking it down for us today. It was really enjoyable, especially because we've spoken so many times about about the strategy. I know to use my hands and have you visualize it. That's it. That's it. Everyone at home though, drop a comment with your biggest takeaway from this episode. Any questions about the strategy, you know, I'll be looking at the comments, Tori will be looking at the comments. Links for Tori are in the description below. So, make sure you hit subscribe, make sure you like this video, help us reach even more incredible traders to bring you these very cool and incredible strategies and most of all profitable. As you saw, nearly closing in on 500K, which is an incredible milestone. Yeah. And uh well, hit subscribe, other episodes are on screen and it's been chart fanatics. Until next time, take