Are you constantly getting faked out by the 15-minute opening range breakout? You've seen others make it work, but every time you try to trade it, boom, you just get stopped out. It whips in the other direction and you're left wondering what you did wrong. In this video, I'm going to break down exactly why your 15minute opening range breakout strategy is not working and why you're probably losing money and what you can actually do to make it profitable. Let's start with the basics. The 15minute orb or the opening range breakout is a strategy where you mark the high and the low of the first 15 minutes of the New York open. You can also use it with other sessions, but I do the New York session. So, there's the 15-minute candle. And the simple strategy is if it breaks out to the downside, you go short. If it breaks out to the upside, you go long. Sounds simple, right? But that's where the problem starts. So, I'm going to share with you why you're losing money, the mistakes that you're making. I'm going to share with you how to fix it so you can actually be profitable with this 15-minute orb strategy. And then we're going to dive into the charts. I'm going to give you some real live examples so you have some context behind it and how you can actually apply this strategy to become more profitable. So, the first mistake that you might be making is fakeouts are everywhere. Most traders just jump in the second the range breaks. I've actually seen some videos on YouTube where the trader on YouTube is telling you to set a limit order at the end of the range, at the bottom of the range or the top of the range, and as soon as it breaks, you enter a trade. I've back tested that and it's about 30% of the time it's profitable. So, I would not recommend you do that. There's fake outs everywhere because institutions know that people are trading the strategy. It's not that easy. there's a a quick breakout, fake out, and then it violently reverses to the other side. That's called a stop run, and you're the liquidity. The second thing, second mistake is no context. Are you trading the opening range break without a regard for the bigger picture? Have you zoomed out? Like, what's the trend on the higher time frame? Where is VWAP? Where was the overnight low or high? Are you ignoring that stuff? Are you If you are, then you're basically trading blind. Another mistake is overtrading every single break. Not every breakout is a good breakout. If you're taking every single 15minute orb setup just because the the range is breaking, then you're just gambling with a terrible risk-to-reward most of the time. The fourth mistake you might be making is poor risk management. Chasing entries, top stop losses that are too tight, adding to losing trades. These all make a choppy orb day even worse. So, most traders are blowing up with low volatility or chop because they keep trying to force trades. All right, so how to actually fix it and become profitable with this strategy? Here's a couple of tips and then like I said, we're going to dive into the charts for from some actual context. So, number one, add some context. Zoom out to the higher time frame and look at VWAP. So before trading the breakout, zoom out. Check the one hour chart. Check the 4 hour chart. Check the 15, the 30 minute. I don't care. Zoom out. Don't trade this on just looking at the one minute chart. Are we trending? Are we ranging? Are we above VWOP? Are we below VWOP? Is there an anchored VWOP with a significant high or low? Like context gives you clarity. And I'll give you some examples of this. Use volume profile and look at liquidity zones. it might fake out to the downside or the upside, grab some liquidity real quick, and then quickly reverse to the other side. If you zoom out and look at those liquidity zones and overlay some volume profile, that will give you some context so you can avoid those fake outs into supply or demand zones uh that that might fake you out. Number three, wait for confirmation instead of just blindly buying the break and setting limit orders at the high or the low like a lot of people recommend. Don't don't listen to those people. Wait for a structure to form. That'll give you a a clear risk-to-reward. It'll tell you where you should put your stop loss. And waiting for confirmation, waiting for a candle to actually close and confirm that it's a breakout. That's going to help you avoid getting faked out a lot of times. So, wait for the market to confirm before you admit. The fourth thing, trade with the trend. If the higher time frame is trending up, only look for long breakouts of the orb. Aligning with the trend is massively going to increase your edge with this strategy. And then the fifth thing is be selective. You don't need to trade every single orb. All right? Filter out the lowquality setups by using some of these to zoom out and add more context and be selective. Use a checklist. If it's not a clean trade, skip it. Sitting out is a position, too. All right, let's dive into the charts and give some actual context to this strategy and kind of how t typical YouTubers are recommending that you use it and then some of the fixes that I recommend to make this a more profitable strategy. All right, so I marked off the high and low on regular trading hours. Just a conservative one to one risk-to-reward and putting your stop loss above the previous five minute high. This is a five-minute chart. So, this is the first break right here. So, we're going to go short. And I'm going to put my stop loss right above the previous five minute wick high, which is also right in line with VWOP. So, seems good. Let's do a one one risk-to-reward. And let's see here. You actually would have gotten stopped out on that one. So, stopped out and then it would have hit your profit. So, there's a loss. All right. Trade number two. This one breaks out to the downside. Also, we're taking a short. Put your stop loss right above the previous five minute high, which is also above VWOP. So, that's a good spot. Put your risk-to-reward at one, which I like to get a little bit more than that. So, I'm being super conservative here. Again, look at that. Would have gotten stopped out, wicked high, and then hit your profit. Loss. There's a loss. All right. Taking a long on this one. breaks out to the upside, we're going to take a long. This one don't even have a clear risk-to-reward because there's not really structure. So, let's put it below the previous five minute high or five minute low. One to one risk-to-reward and never hit your target. Came down to stop loss. All right, this one right here would be a short. Broke out to the downside. Take a short, put your stop loss. Let's say there above the previous five minute high and one to one risk-to-reward you would have hit profit on that one. So there's a win right there. Let's go over to this last example that I have. This one depending on I mean if you set a limit order at the first break this would have been a bad trade. You would have taken a short. You see that little red uh green wick right there? would have taken a short, put your stop loss above the previous five minute high and this was a bad fake out right there. One to one definitely would have gotten stopped out. All right, so on this week I know small sample size but loss loss loss win loss. So out of five trades, one was profitable, you had four losses, right? Not a good strategy. Now, let's zoom out. If you add context to every single one of these trades, you could have avoided some of some of them. All right, so on this first trade right here, zooming out, um you can see that there was a potential regular trading hours gap fill there. So, possibly short, but it also there's a a regular trading hours gap fill there. So, possibly long. It's a little bit choppy. Look at how the market opened right here. This has lots of chop. So with such a choppy open like that, you got to be careful. All right. So zoom out. Look at the context. Is it a trending market or is it choppy? That could have helped you avoid um that that loss on that day. Here's another one. This is actually pretty choppy, too. So, zooming out, you can see even just the last couple days. This was Monday and here is Tuesday. It's not a super trending market. It's super choppy. It's kind of staying in this little range right here. All right. Not a good not a good trend to be following. So, in general, you could have avoided taking I'll I'll tell you this. 15-minute opening range break trades work a lot better in a trending market when there's momentum in one direction or the other. This right here doesn't show any momentum. So, I personally would avoid that trade. All right, look in here. This one, if you zoom out, you can see that there's a big gap right here on the regular trading hours. And it actually came down and filled it almost exactly. So, zooming out there, you can see that that was a miss. Also, look at this. If you look over here, there's a previous wick high. That's pretty much where it rejected. So, zooming out, you could have avoided the trade looking at that. Um, another thing, too, is on the five minute, you can see that there's quite a w quite a bit of wicks to the upside. So, that kind of looks like it was starting to get weak and price was reversing to the other side. So, that zooming out could have given you more context on how to uh avoid that trade. This one right here was a win. If you jumped in that on that momentum, you would have gotten lucky. All right, there you go. This one right here, um this is actually a trade that I took as a fake out. I entered long and went to the other end of the range. You can check my other video for my trade recap on that. But the reason I went long having a feeling that this would be a fake out is if you zoom out, let me go to the 15 minute, a little bit of a higher time frame. You can see all of this liquidity here. Price is bouncing off of this zone quite a bit. There's quite a bit of support. So, lots of wicks and bounces, wick and bounce, wick and bounce. it keeps bouncing off that area and that's really close to where it bounced here. So, I was not interested in shorts. Also, if you look again at the regular trading hours gap fill, that's exactly I targeted 23K was my target. That's where I got out fully out of my position because it filled that target. So, it came down, it grabbed liquidity, and it moved back up to that gap fill. So, hope this helps you give some context to zooming out. Um, look at the higher time frames. The 15minute orb strategy can work, but only when it's used as a part of a bigger system with the proper context and the proper discipline. So, if you're struggling with it and it it's not the strategy that sucks, it's that you're trading it in isolation. So take this framework, refine your plan, journal your trades. The edge is there. You just have to trade it like you're supposed to. So if this helped, drop a like, hit the subscribe button, and let me know in the comments if you want me to break down the Orb checklist in the future or provide any context on any of this. All right, keep trading safe.