I only trade one 4-hour candle a day and I still managed to make over $500 in a day. And it's all thanks to my number one continuation model that allow me to never miss a move. Now, this system alone, I've been able to maintain an 82% win rate as well as pass multiple problems. Now, the best thing about this is that it only lies down to one single candlestick. No complicated indicators, no random guess of trading, just simple repeatable market bias that you can follow every single day. So the main premise of this simple strategy is that if price breaks above our 4hour candle high for the day, we are looking for price to continue that bullishness for the rest of the session and the rest of the day. Makes it super easy for you to understand that we have a bullish bias for that day. And if price breaks below that for our candle low point, we then expect bearishness for the rest of the day and for the rest of the session. Very simple. Now let me check it out to actually use this in continuation with your trading. Now there is a key hidden level that increases the validity and win rate of this concept. It is using the open and closing price of that 4hour candle because price will always look to bounce between these two levels before breaking out and then retest it once again to continue higher. Same once again with a bearish move. it will play within the zone, break out, retest, and then continue lower. And I'll still show you guys more examples to truly solidify this concept. So, right over here, what is the first thing that you notice on this chart? Right, we we're moving aggressively to the upside. And if you use normal IC const, there's really truly no entry for you. But by using the hidden level, you are able to see that numerous times that price touches this zone. As you can see, this is our hidden level from our bearish bullish candle close. Price then retouches it with the next bullish candle as well as here. There's another close. It gets retouched. So this one retouched twice. Price moves up again, retouch the zone, wicks it, continues higher. So there's a very common play that's being introduced in the market. Every time price will look in a bullish and incentive market like this, it looks to bounce over these zones, reject, and it never closes below and continues higher. We can take advantage of this loophole in the market. So this is where my 4hour candle box strategy comes in. Now there are four quarters that this 4 candle can be diversified into. I have spoke about this in previous videos but truly today I want to really drill in this concept to you guys because if you master this you master this one candle, you master how it works, how it plays out, what time it starts to move, you'll be able to have a daily routine that is repeatable. You do not have to FOMO or feel the need of stressing because there's no there's not another position because it's non-based. But this is based by the market. The market prints this out. It's subjective. So you can always look at this if you ever feel lost. So you're going to use Fibonacci. I personally use a GA box. I will show you guys the settings and from the top of that kind of high to the bottom. Drawing it then will give my 25 50% and 75% levels. In ter of Fibonacci retracements, this is 0.25 0.5. and then 70 0.75 the top of the candle is your premature zone. This is where you can expect there to be a retracement of some sort. So if we are for instance this kind of on the first time has just closed. We're starting off a new candle. It will start off with this little consolidation. So make some sort of manipulation but it will try and play within the premature zone. Now the main point for this continuation model is that it is still just a simple impulse and trace. So the deeper the retracement the better it is. Yes, we can have a move off the premature zone but in the name it's still very early on and it can be faked out in some reasons. Now the 25 to 50% is going to be optimum. This is ideally we want to see price make a retracement into and then continue to spiral higher. The reason is if we are within a bullish market, usually the main thing is that price wants to create a strong bullish candle with a very little wick and then continue doing this. So that is why we can expect a short retracement and then price continues higher. So ideally this you want to be pushing your trade at for the upside. Now there is another zone and this is the overextended area. Now the reason why I say this is if we're in a very strong impulsive market. Once again a strong impulse market is price making very long impulses and then a short retracement followed by a long impulse short retracement and then this continues. However, if you see price make a very strong movement and then make a deep retracement like this. This would not be regard as a strong market. Okay? Because it is still evenly balanced between both buyers in this case as well as the sellers. Right? What we want is we want massive priority of buyers and then a very short space for the sellers to be involved in the market. That is when the easiest for us for us to identify our buyers. So with this it's a bit more tricky because it's kind of 50/50 within the market. But with this it's you can already tell the majority rule is the bullishness. So you want to just stick with the longs. That's the reason why we say overextended. We tend to stay away from this zone. And then once again the danger zone is beyond the 75% going to the 100% of this area. Okay. Slash your 0.1. This is a solid nogo. This just means that price is now disrespecting this previous impulse leg and then it will look to reverse now. Okay. Once again you want to follow a bullish bias that would essentiate that setup for the day. So you can move on. Very simple. You're not feeling attached to the setup. Okay. So let us move on. So once again, as I previously said, this is still uses trading a single 4hour candle. So we use our previous 4hour candle to create the 4hour candle box for the day that we use and the next candle is the one that we actually trade. So this candle right over here is the one that we are actually looking to trade the wick into price making that distribution with the body. Okay. So as we said we have already gone through the bias part where we using the 4hour candle box to define how far price should retrace for us to get an auto entry. Now once price has made that retracement there will be a breakout phase as well. So as you can see price now extends out of your far candle box. It has now broken out of that box for the day. This already should let you know that it is confirming to your bias. It we are following with the long initiative. Now there will be an opportunity where price will rebalance once again this far box and this is what I call the second entry or the redemption. So even if you miss this first entry I know a lot of the time as a traders we like to chase the move upward and that's where former comes in. I want to reassure you that with this you will always be given a second chance even if you miss the initial move where price just starts to spiral out. So in this regard this would be something like this. Price starts off very simple power threeyear accumulation. We start the new candle. We now make a manipulation. This manipulation goes into our optimum zone which is our 25 and our 50. Right? So it comes into here and then now it starts to play up here. By this point you should already get your entry and I will show you guys how to get a very good entry model that extracts any hesitation on pulling the trigger. But you've already got your first entry for the day. So you missed this one. But as price breaks out to red with that bias, you now get more confirmation of your direction being correct. And now price rebalances this zone, the hour box. Once again, usually it will rebalance at your premature state. So this is 0% here. So what is this your premature state? It is okay to for price rebalance over here. This once again it is price is following that bullish incentive with a very high degree. So you can now look to enter another trade era or scale in. So once again this is also very good for passing profit challenges with getting out of very deep draw downs because it's one bias one simple move and once you get that bias already correct you are now scaling in twice. Okay. Now obviously now you're targeting higher um and your stop loss is below. Okay. So there you go. That's how you once again have more confirmation with this move here. Now let's look at how we're looking at this for a bear scenario. So it's the exact same using a for candle to create that box and you are creating your levels. So there are your three levels here. So what is this? This is your 0.25 okay of Fibonacci. Here's your 0.5 and then here is your 75. Now this is your pre-mature zone. This is your optimum. Okay. So ideally looking for price to for instance this is a new bearish kind of starting and if you guys don't know too much about can anatomy I have explained it thoroughly in previous videos I will link them above so we start with a manipulation there we then extend and manipulate into your optimum zone this way you're getting your first entry okay as price is moving lower and then breaks out that range once price is broken out you are not foaming in okay all right you are waiting for price to rebalance this box once once again which you will and then you can either scale in for another entry okay or you're looking to get your second uh entry for the day okay pretty simple actually very simple I want you guys all leaving this video being able to trade this as you can see right there once again it is price following a down so this is the far candle these annotations represent lower time frame movement okay so price is fractal this is a bearish candle so they were they was bearish movement on the lower time frame. Yes, there were high highs. There were low highs. So, bullishness was there, but bearishness took over. So, all really is you're just following this wave of price wave of downfall. Okay. Now, this is a very important model here. This is our IRS model. Now, it's not related to the tax man in any degree, but it does make out a very simple framework that we can use to start to categorize price action. So the first phase is our impulse phase. Now this is in the name a strong movement in one direction. So for a bullish impulse is massively showing you green candles, bullish candles. And for a bearish impulse, it is massive overall of bearish candles, bearish movement. Okay? Or in one direction to the downside or to the upside. Now we have our range. And this is pretty much just a consolidation. It's still fair between both market participants. It's both showing you bearishness and bullishness. Price isn't really going anywhere. Instead, it's doing a lot of sideways movement. And then finally, we have our sweep. Now, the sweep is meant to take out liquidity that's created at the bottom and top of a range. So, in this example, very simply, so this is what a range would be. Price isn't moving anywhere. There's both bullishness up, bearishness down. What's happening here is that there's liquidity that is being presented. Why? because people are placing their stop loss at the support and at the resistance. So where does our sweep come in? Very similar to CRT which we have made numerous videos and a playlist on that price will take out the bottom half of that liquidity but it still has a very juicy draw liquidity that has been untapped. So by objective price will follow this move and that is where our sweep comes in and then price starting off the brand new impulse. So this is the brand new impulse happening over here. Now why is this important with the concurrent concept and teach you guys a learning today? Well, simply we're also going to be using components of this IRS model in us getting our entry as well, even getting a better entry with our 4hour box candle strategy. Okay. And this is all operated on the lower time frame. So this range any from the 5 minute and lower. So this comes in regard with the second entry. So as we're now getting that breakout, we have this candle closure above our far kind of box. as you break out and then you want to look very closely on the low time frame for price to form out that schematic. So just using a 5 minutes for example here in terms of the theory price impulses as it breaks out and then kind of slows down as it ranges and creates some predetermined liquidity just before the massive move. Price then make a very strong liquidation or sweep. Okay, as I said once again, all that really is it is price taking out this liquidity that is at this lows and then in the very same kind of move it spirals and takes out the liquidity at that high. What is happening here? Price is sweeping. So what can you guys actually notice with the sweep? Okay, take a few seconds to quickly interpret that. Okay, perfect. Very good. As price is sweeping, we are getting a rebalance of this for our box. Okay. So why is this important? Because now that you have this, this is a surefire model that price is now committed to this bullish bias. It is committed to following that movement upward. So you can also commit to inching on the move. Okay, entry right there. and then just let price spiral all the way to all time highs throughout the session throughout the day. Okay. And simply based off why your context which is simply built off that far candle showing you that predetermined bullishness. Okay. And then you are just following this with a lower time schematic of liquidity and impulse. Okay. Now it is very important the shape of the far candle that you use for your box. You want to ideally be using a box where there is your obviously works on either side but mainly it is all about you having a major body. So as you can see major body this is what you want. You do not want a skinny candle and all that is really is this okay indecisiveness where there is more wick than body. Okay, you can see there it's a very small body there. So here we have the body is being overhauled. Okay, it is being taken advantage of by the wicks. Okay, that is not what we want. Why? Because this shows indecisiveness. and the marketer is already showing indecisiveness. You're going to be 10 times more confused. Okay? Right? There is another system that I use on days like this. Okay? You do want to be adaptable. You do want to be nimble. And I do teach you guys how to do that. So, ideally on this type of day, you want to be going with more of a CRT approach. But that's not we're learning today, okay? As in uh some other videos. But as I said, as I'm saying here, this is what you want. Okay? Big body candle. Okay? body over wick. Okay, why? Because right here, this is a candle. Okay, it's green. It's really showing you that it wants to follow that bullishness upward. Okay, hopefully this is solidifying with you guys. If you are still a bit lost with this, please book a free call. The link is there for you guys to take advantage of that. So, back to our very first question. What are you now noticing with that very same example? As you can see, you guys have now put on a different lens to the markets, like putting on new goggles, giving you clearer vision. Exactly. Very good. We are now not just going off that hidden level, which was the bullish close. Instead, we're also coming and really just not closing below our optimal level. Right? There have been optimal levels where people speak of the 60 618 the uh 72 but really those are only in kind of balanced markets but majority of the time if you're train these high vols it really gives you the opportunity to get those deep tracements and it's quite really hard to trade them right or this it's already showing you direction okay very short trace and then massive push up okay where's all this coming from your 25 to 50% okay 25.5 Here as you can see price fails to close below and obviously you are using our four candle box. Okay as price is making this wick into the zone. What are you doing? There's a open there is a manipulate taps this level. Okay you are inching as price now starts to come and break out. Okay position as you can see price does go above you with this wig. So what also happens is that there is a breakout. Price makes a rebalancing. Where is it happening at the premature level and then we have the new candle pushing up. Okay, once again it's all market data. Okay, here let's go over this candle here. So walking through the power three of price creating this new candle here. Okay, price first starts with a manipulation I mean a accumulation and then manipulates into our optimum level. Okay, right here will give you a change of state. This is your first entry as price goes out and then we get a breakout. Okay, price will rebalance the zone. Okay, and then continue to go higher. Okay, then you can scale in or get another confirmed entry. Okay, and you're literally doing that the exact same thing with all the candles. Okay, same thing happens here. Same thing happens here. Okay, price doesn't just seek liquidity, FGS or imbalances. Instead, it's seeking our optimal levels. This is what they do not teach you about the market and this what I'm happy to show you guys. Now the way you want to actually draw out that uh the way you want to draw out your quarters and box over here is simply once again you start at the top of that candlestick and you draw to the low for a bullish candle. For a bearish it's simply the opposite. It's from the low to the high. Okay. And here are the exact zones. I use a tool called the GAN box. I will also just go into train view and show you guys where to find that. But you can choose a gam box or a Fibonacci. It really does not matter. You want to make sure you do have these price levels. So the 0 25 0.5 here and 0.75 and then your one. Okay. Everything else is just critique personalization. So colors and everything. And there you go. There once again is your optimum, your premature, your overextended level and then your danger zone. Now how do you enter with this? Okay. So, you want to be using a very simple entry model that removes any hesitation. Okay. If there's too many moving parts, it's going to be too hard for you to track all of this with the candle spiring away. The minutes are moving, time is going, it's going to be too much for you to really know if you want to enter this or not. That's why I make it very simple. Three simple steps to entering a trade. Okay? Because all the context, all the buys already built with that for kind of box. Okay, so price already 70% going your way. Okay, you just need to catch on with that move. So simply it is a chain state of delivery. So this is price breaking below a low point. Okay, a structural low point and closing below this. Okay, we don't want a wick. If it's a wick, price can easily just return and continue in the opposite direction. Okay, we want to close for price to seal it in fine print that it does have the intention of moving lower. Then once again, you don't want to just jump in just yet. You want to look for price to at least rebalance off a zone. So this could be even this F value gap, but ideally just use a breaker block. It's the easiest one to identify. It's simply a previous order block like this one here that got disrespected. As you can see, price not pushed up from here. It broke it. But then we just use on the opposite side as like a break and rebalance technique. Price comes back here, rejects off of it, and then you are looking to enter with the very new candle. Okay. So either as price reaches in there or with this bearish candle closing and you're moving down lower. Okay, very simple. Change state one rebalance two candle closes once again three. Perfect. Lovely. And then as I said you're targeting using the highs and lows of that time frame. So why does this work? So it all lies in market behavior. Price never starts aggressive. Okay, it builds momentum slowly and quietly and that's where the component of the power three does come in or your one candle mechanics as you start off a brand new far candle. So here's our previous one. Okay, we start off the brand new one. It will be very indecisive. Okay, just like price starting off a new session. It's like a car engine. It needs to start up that cold start to really get the ignition going and then accelerate forward. Okay, it builds up a bit of momentum by sweeping out liquidity, retracing to your optimum level, and then it spikes away. Okay, as it's doing that, it has untapped and unfilled zones to fill. So, it'll make that rebalancing. And where is that rebalancing happening? It is within your 4hour box. Okay, then you're letting price continue with this. Okay, what is this? As I said, is a simple trend and Fibo retracement. No complex indicators used. Price already showed you that bullish incentive precession. All you're doing is just trading the extension retracement downward into the extension movement back up. Okay. Hopefully all the moving parts are linking together within your brain. Once again, if you guys still don't understand, please comment down below so I know what type of videos to make on to really solidify this concept. I will try my best to interact in there. And if it's even still hard, guys, book a free call. Also, you can gain access to our new ebook. All this knowledge I'm giving to you guys has been compressed into that ebook. So even if you look at the chart and you still forget what I said now you can go into that simple PDF open on any other screen open on your phone and you can flip through the pages and you'll find exactly what the market is doing on that exact day. If it's a CRT CIT if it's a for kind of box you can be nimble and can be ready for any market situation. Okay, even if all goes down, there's a major market incident, you still know what to do in that situation. And that's what it means to be prepared. And that's what it means to be a profitable trader. Being prepared in every situation. You're never tilting and relying on emotions, but instead logic. Okay, once again guys, that's also in the link in the description. So, let's look at a practical example here. So, we can already see that premarket is already over bearish. So, it's very simple for you guys to know what's next. Okay, but let's go over here. this out for our candle. We join our box from the low to the high. Why? Because this is a bearish candle. Okay, there's bullish, this is bearish. Okay, so here we now have our zones. This is our premature, our optimum of extended and then danger zone. Okay, and this is where we want to be falling into. So now simply going straight onto your lower time frame here. Do you see how quick that switch was? There wasn't any filler time frames like going to the 1 hour, the 3 minute. No, it's simply you go on to your 4 hour. You see what the candles are doing and then you go straight down to your lower time. So the five minutes so you can get your entry. Okay, we are cutting out the fluff. We're cutting out the noise. Okay, so just as reference I have placed a another 4hour candle. This is just our high time candle so you can see the comparisons between the two. What is happening here? This is our high. This is the 4hour kind of low. Okay. And here you can see what is price doing. It is making a simple retracement into that optimum zone. Not all the way at this extreme order block. No, it is coming to the optimum zone. So, you can make a quick wick and then start to extend it lower. And now, let's also delve into how price is forming out and how it's moving to make this price displacement. It starts off first with an impulse which was massive bearishness right within range for a bit where it's just kind of indecisive. We then finally make a sweep. The sweep is simply regarded as price takes out this liquidity high. So right there there is that inducement high. Price sweeps that out. There's our sweep that has liquidity initiation that we need and then price now starts off the brand new impulse. What are you doing? You're simply looking to enter your trade. Okay? Right? Because this itself is the entry model. This itself gives you all you need. Okay? Right? So you can also look at this as a change to delivery. But you want to be very fast with your entry. Okay? As you can see, watch right now. Price rejects as it is trapped within the optimum level and just spirals down to your TP. Okay. As you can see, there's the 4hour candle as well. But right there therefore kind of is it comes to the optimum and this little dotted line that is our hidden level. Okay, simply the close. Ideally, you want to be above your previous candle close. Okay, so this is our previous candle. It closed right over here. Since we see it go above here, once again, it is showing us that it's making at least some sort of retracement. Okay, that is what you want. Um, usually no wick is a bit of a danger zone, but this is perfect, perfect, perfect. Okay, this is S+ A+ setup. Okay, so screenshot this so you can always use it as a reference. Okay, stick it on your wall, stick it on your desk. Okay, have it somewhere. Okay, now as you can see, simple, repeatable, no place for guesswork. Okay, you trade that one far candle and you're done with the train. You can continue enjoying time with your family. Now, seven is you miss this initial entry. This is where the brilliance of this system comes in. Okay? So, there's no need for you to start to form in as soon you see this massive bearish candle that's away from you. You're looking at this price has tap this FG. I've already missed the movement of the day. No, simply what does price do right after that? It rebalances back into our box. And where is rebalance off of the premature area? Okay, remember breakout, rebalance the fire box and then once again you're looking for your second entry. Okay, as soon as you get that few bearish candles, okay, you want to enter as soon as possible because remember all of the context has been already created. Okay, you've already done all your analysis. You don't want to make it super hard with the entry. Okay guys, so then you're just catching on to that move there. Okay, so very simple breakout, rebalance, come back down. Okay, so let's go over some live examples once again. uh so I can show it to you guys. Okay, these are some examples I took with our trading community. I do trade live with them for majority of the week and this was a $1,000 trade. So I will show you guys this exactly. You do want access to our community and my live streams, all my trades, my insights, see the market through my lens once again that is also within the link in the description getting access to our W um and then you can just be in there with us, okay? Seeing all this not just in hindsight but in live full market. So, with our very first example, we're going to be going over a stock over here. I know it's been a major thing that stocks have gaps, so it might be bit harder to trade this, but I'll still show you how you can go over that. So, we're going to be looking at QQ right here. And as you can see, this is our higher time candle, and here is our lower time frame price action. Now, your very first step that you are starting off with is that you want to get out your box. Okay? So very simple. You're going to take out your GAN box from that high candle low to the candle high. That is your box for the current session. Now just like any other system that I teach you guys, you need to be having patience with this. So we are specifically mainly looking for price to at least fall within this zone. It can fall within the premature area, but this is the optimum for a healthy retracement in a impulsive market like this. We're not trying to look for the discounted order block. That's all that the lows. That's very hard to reach. We do not want to miss any good potential moves. Okay. So, that being said, we're going to play this out a bit forward as we get closer to our candle. So, I can see already the new candle. So here's our current. So here is our current candle and then this right over here is our previous candle. Main thing to understand is that you need to have this lower time movement for okay we need that retracement. Even though it's impulsing here and momentum is high we cannot enter within here. There is no entry. There is no entry model. Okay. So let's just get into this here. Play this forward. Just pay attention to that candle. Look there. Now the candle's bearish. Now why is this candle gone bearish? It all lies with our hidden level. As you can see, our hidden level stems from our previous candle's closing price. So here's the closing price and we have this massive dot line going across. This shows the closing candle on that movement right over there. So still this being said, I start to see prices falling down. We can also notice something that is happening here. We are creating our IRS. So here's our impulse. Okay, we then range for a bit and you can see where this range starting from. It is starting as soon as we are making up that new candle. So, it's very close to the closing price. We're now selling the new candle and there we doing a lot of range here. Now, as we dropping down lower, we are now doing our liquidate phase. Why? Because we've taken out the liquidity that lies at the lows of that range. Perfect. So we can see this as your sweep. So I'm going to play this forward until we get into that level. Okay, now perfect. Now we are within our optimum level. Now that being said, this is ideally we want to be looking for price to not give you a reversal trigger. So a chain is here delivery. So right here there we get our chain here delivery. So we, as you can see right there, we close above this period kind of high point and we push up for there. This is ideally wanting to look to enter a trade. So just there stop. We're going to place a stop below the most recent protective area which will be this value gap here. So very simple stuff there. Or you can just put it below the recent low point. Okay. Now with our targets, we're just going to target a nice little one to two. Nothing too fancy TP at that high there. and then stop loss and you can see what this is. Now, it is a very healthy retracement for at least an impulse market right there. Now, with that being said, what is the next step that we're looking for with the RS model? We are looking for our impulse range sweep and then price starting off a brand new impulse, which we currently are about to do. So, we're also in alignment with that on the lower time frame. So, perfect movement. This is what we want. we're entering this trade with no guesswork, no hesitation. Okay, the trade already played itself out for us. That's why very simple to see price rise forward. And as you can see, we do reach our TP there. As you can see, our candle now is a bullish candle. And we pretty much just traded that entire move. So, we're just going to bring it back to here. So, back to look at our high time candles. A fully stemmed bullish candle, right? Wented right as price was creating that wick. So right there was our entry. This evening price is still wicking around but we saw as an entry point not just as a a rejection but means to enter trade. This will be a perfect move that we're looking forward to continue price with. So here we go. We're going over this pair GPCAT. Okay. It also has been said to be a very slow pair. I'm going to show you guys that this works even on hottest pairs stocks. This as well. You can still make it work. Okay. So even with every trading you want to be using this. Okay. Crypto stocks you can still make it work. Okay. because it's an overall system. Market needs to do this. I'm just going to go on to the 4hour here and I want to just quickly show you. So, what is our 4hour candles doing now? It is very simple to see that it's already bullish. Okay? Right? You should not be looking at what happened two weeks ago, the last monthly candle week. Okay? That's more of advanced stuff. Also, do not let stuff like this where you see an order block and you say, "Oh, no. We should be finally reversing now." Okay? Well, you probably say that for the last three that just got rejected. Okay? Right? So, you don't want to go for that. You want to go over recent data because really all you're doing is just looking to be in the moment of the market, not catch the entire overall next few years. Okay? Right? We just want our piece for the day and we out. We keep on moving. Okay? All right. So, very simply, this is what you'll see as your last bar candle. Okay? For me, this is the 5:00 5:00 candle. That's just with the time I trade. I trade at New York session. So, just before this, this was a 4 that has been fully closed and formed. Okay. And once again, just to clarify, I am using UTC minus 4 New York. Just we have the same time zone as me. I'm going to go ahead and draw from the high of this candle to the low. And there you go. Bang on. That is my 4hour box for the day. 70% of the work is already done right there. Okay. And we also understand that ideally we want to see price come into the premature zone. Okay. There are scenarios where price can come into our premature zone but either or we are looking at how price gives us that reversal model. Okay, that we can actually use on the lower time frame here. So we're going to jump on to our two minutes. This is the one I ideally like to use the time. So with that being said, here we go. Just looking at price here because you can see here we are starting with a brand new fall candle. So it is pushing up here. So right now it's like kind of breaking out here but haven't really done major things here. Okay. So bearish here now at this point. Okay, I want you guys to pay attention. Where are we currently in? Okay, in terms of fall candle box. Okay, so we are pretty much right now within our premature zone right here. Okay, so pre this optimum if price can reach here it is very good. If it doesn't, it has to be supported by this showing a very strong reversal trigger. Okay, or a reversal. So change state delivery. So going to pay attention to this right here. And as you can see, here's our hidden level. Okay, we're right there. Every time price moves around here, it changes direction. Okay, you can see right here, it moved above there. Now, it went bullish. Okay, now this I would not shy away from this. Okay, this is what you guys want to also be using. Want to be a bit more adaptable. Okay, so right here, what is this now? Okay, remember we need our triggers, our reversal triggers. This is our chain state because we close above this candle. This is a breaker block that price is coming towards and then if you see another bullish kind of from here that's you want to enter your trade. Okay. So this sort of inside here. Okay. So we break below there. Okay. And now we come back above. Okay. Simply all you're doing just waiting for price to return to you. Okay. So then you'd be entering a trade out of here. And what you guys notice here? What are you guys noticing? Price broke and rebalanced. Okay. And what's it doing now? Is impulsing back up. Once again, guys, it is very simple. Okay. You're going to go for a simple one to two here. I think our entry with this was a bit lower. I'll just quickly throw a screenshot of it, but it still follows the same premise. Okay. Then you literally just watch that candle blow away there. Okay, so very very simple there guys. Okay, simple up and down movement. Okay, that's what we're doing. Small up and down movement. Okay, what I used to do in the beginning of my training, I would look at this entire range and I would literally wait for price to come all the way back down here. Okay, and you can see right there, I'm missing days. I'm feeling for more. I feel like I'm not involved with the market. Well, this it's very simple. I've done two three steps. I'm in a trade and I'm out. Okay, within a span of how long was this? Just under an hour. Okay. Right. And that's what you want to be doing. That's why you came in trading to spend as minimal time working and then spend the rest enjoying family, enjoying your life, doing things you love. Okay. Once again, I urge you guys if you do need guidance, you want to actually take this career seriously, I will teach you guys how to build a profitable trading career using only a single candle. Just like seeing, just like I see, my entire channel is based off of this cuz I truly believe that it should not be as complex to make money on this market. Okay? And I've made it simple myself because I was tired of all the fluff and the noise that was being thrown around. And now I want to give you guys that same opportunity. So, if you're really serious about this, first link in the description gives you access to not only my checklist I use for trades like this, but as well as my full free course on this as well. Okay? And even to make it better for you guys, I will be sharing with you guys two weekly outlooks of what I see on the market on a specific day delivered straight to your email. Okay? So, you so you guys get into that newsletter, you will get my outlook on there, okay? At least a snippet of that. And you want to see me do it live, once again I w is in the description.