In this video, I'm going to talk about the 4-hour pattern that actually no one knows about, but once you understand it, it's going to completely change the way that you look at the market. So, let's just get into it. But, just before I actually start with the video, I just want to show you guys the proof that this is what I trade every single day. This is just one of my trading months on a Topstep Express account. I actually posted a YouTube video breaking down that entire 25k month on one account. If you do want to check it out, make sure you do that after you watch this entire video because right now we're going to cover the following. I've also been called up to live markets with this exact pattern I'm about to teach you in this video. The first goal of this video is going to be make you understand exactly how the 4-hour pattern is traded, which you should be able to do by the end of this video. The second goal is going to be having a clear set of rules to trade, also done by the end of this video. And the third and final goal of this video is going to help you be able to actually pass funded accounts and make money with this entry model and not just use it blindly on the charts with no actual real-world application of money. So, make sure you watch to the very end of this video because understanding these without these really means nothing. The first step of this strategy is going to the 4-hour time frame and finding the most recent 4-hour candlestick that has formed and closed. What you're going to do with this 4-hour candlestick is mark out a couple things. First, you're going to mark out the high, the low, and then the candle body's range. The second step is actually waiting for a new 4-hour candle to open, which should look something like this. It's going to be really low volume. And when is that 4-hour candle that we want to be focusing on? We want to be focusing on the 4-hour candle that opens at 10:00 a.m. Eastern. Now, when actually is 10:00 a.m. Eastern and why is it important? It's 30 minutes 30 minutes after the market opens. And if you know anything about the market open, typically that first move of the market is going to be a fakeout, which gives us plenty of time to line our bias. The third step is figuring out the order of how a 4-hour candlestick actually moves. For this, you can take a look at all the previous 4-hour candles. Okay? If you drop onto a low time frame, you can see the first step, if the candle's going to be bullish, is boom, we open. The second thing that's going to actually happen is we're going to see a push to the downside and form the low or the bottom wick of that 4-hour candle. Then, we're going to go and push higher, which is step three, and obviously the candlestick is eventually going to close after making a high. Now, what do we actually do with this information and how do we trade it? Well, basically, just after a new 4-hour candle opens, we know the second step is going to be pushing down and making a low or bottom wick, which is going to be in that candle body range of the last 4-hour candle. Okay, I know exactly what questions you're thinking right now. Is Jack, do I trade this on the 4-hour time frame? And how do I actually know that it's going to be the bottom of the 4-hour candlestick? How do I know it's not going to push lower on me or even reverse? That's where we jump onto the lower time frame. So, let me show you some specific market examples of live trades that I have taken using this exact entry model to show you what I mean. And don't worry, this model is extremely mechanical, meaning it doesn't take a lot of discretionary market experience to identify this. It's literally a checklist. 1 2 3 and I'm in. First thing you're going to do is go to indicators and look up HTF power 3. This is going to make sure you can see a high time frame candle beside your low time frame, okay? Now, you want to go to settings on that indicator and make sure you are on the 4-hour time frame. Okay? So, before we get to the specific example and actual entry model, let's take a look at how 4-hour candles typically move, okay? We are in a pretty strong trend. I'm looking on the 15-minute time frame chart here. What can I see? A new 4-hour candle opened and just pushed lower to make a bottom wick. But, everything in my bias is telling me bullish, so odds are when we see price start to reverse, we're going to try and long, right? This is ideally where we want to be trying to catch these longs. Let's take a look at the next 4-hour candle at what happens, right? We accumulate a little bit and then put in a low. We're still bullish, so we can catch a long once we put in that low. And keep in mind, we're entering on the lower time frames. So, odds are your risk reward on this trade is still going to be pretty good even if it only runs a few points. Let's take a look at a specific example and I can give you the mechanical entry model checklist that I use for this strategy. So, the steps are going to follow like this. Step one, we're going to mark out 10:00 a.m. Eastern. So, here we are. Right here, we're about to open a new 4-hour candle at 10:00 a.m. Eastern, so I'm going to mark that out. Now, I'm on the 15-minute time frame. Which is step two. Go to the 15-minute time frame and look for the most recent 15-minute fair value gap that's going to be closest to price. I'm on the 15-minute time frame. I can very clearly see we have a 15-minute fair value gap just above price. I'm going to mark that out. That's where I want price to tap into. Step three is you want to see a PO3 on the 1-minute time frame tapping into that 15-minute gap. And step four is going to be an entry confirmation. Let's take a look. Now, here we are a minute or two after 10:00 a.m. Eastern or after that new 4-hour candle is opened, okay? We can already see on the 1-minute time frame we're starting to form phase one of the power of three, which is going to be accumulation. If you don't know what the power of three is, all it is is price moves sideways and accumulates. It then manipulates or has a fakeout and then puts in the real move to distribute. A bullish PO3 would look something like this. Very simple concept, okay? That's all we're looking for, right? We see a PO3 pattern straight into this 15-minute gap, right? We manipulate into that 15-minute gap. Now, what's so important with this strategy and why it is so effective and why we actually use this is because this manipulation is putting in that top wick of that 4-hour candle. Now, all we need to wait for is an entry confirmation, which for me I will like to take inversion fair value gaps typically. So, what I do is I mark out the most recent bullish fair value gap. The second I see a candle body close through that fair value gap, I'm entering my trade. So, we see a candle body closure right there. I'm going to put my short position there and leave my stop loss at that manipulation high that we just made, the top of the 4-hour candle. Assuming that's the top and we're not going to go any higher, we're just going to continue with the trend lower. Targets for this trade can be really easy. You can take the bottom of the accumulation range if you do have the risk reward, or you can even target some liquidity lower down here or down here. For this one, I have well over two risk reward to that level, so I'm not going to get greedy. I'm just going to take it to there. Let's see how it plays out. As you can see, it played out pretty perfectly. Now, real quickly, here's another example of this happening. Price has a 15-minute gap up here. This did not tap into the 15-minute gap, so I knew price was not ready to go. But, what can we see? Accumulation, manipulation into that most recent 15-minute gap to put in the high of that candle. Again, looking for some sort of entry confirmation. Here we can clearly see a change in the state of delivery back to the downside. I'm going to enter there. Stops at the high. I can target bottom of range if I have a risk reward. Again, I have a couple points of liquidity, this one specifically, that needs to be ran. So, I'm probably going to take that trade to the nearest point of liquidity. And we can see this one play out pretty smoothly. Now, that leads us to the last goal of the video is how do we actually trade prop firms and make money using this strategy? This is one of my one-on-one mentorship students, almost a 10k payout today. Again, here's all the proof right here. Let's take a look at how to actually rinse prop firms with this strategy, which is what I've been doing for the last two and a half years now. Now, typically this is the way I'm going to trade this. Whenever I do see this setup, I'm going to be risking 0.5% of whatever my account size is on that trade. So, for example, if you are trading a 100k account, then your risk for that trade, 1% would be a thousand, right? But, we're going to do half of a percent. So, I'm going to put $500 of risk on that trade. Typically, I'm going for around a two risk reward, sometimes a three. Again, we're focused on base hits here. We are not focused on home runs yet. You should be able to pass and take payouts pretty easily with that. Now, once you get to the point where you have multiple prop firm accounts, maybe you have five 50k's, maybe you have 10 50k's, I like to diversify my risk. What I also like to do is have one top or bottom tick account, which is actually pretty important for this strategy once you get to a high level. Let me show you real quickly what I mean by having a top or bottom tick account. Now, like I said, we like to wait for an entry confirmation. Having a top or a bottom tick account basically means that you are cutting out entry confirmations. What you are doing, take basically taking one account and you're saying, "Look, I don't care if I lose this account in two to three to four trades. I'm going to take really high risk reward trades." So, what I would do is right when price taps into that 15-minute gap, I'm pretty much immediately going to enter my position. Now, this way of trading it takes a lot more discretion. However, look at the risk reward you do get on that. Again, go and back test this model and you will start to see where you can catch tops and bottoms. But again, you don't want to force that every single time because often, you don't get an entry confirmation, you're not ready for price to enter. These are the trades that might blow a funded account, but on the other hand, you might hit a win of a 22 risk reward and immediately smack a five or 10k payout. This isn't just another random entry model that you found on YouTube. My one-on-one students are hitting top 100 leader board spots with the biggest prop firms in the space, 60k months, getting matching dream watches with me, their mentor, and even hitting the biggest payouts on prop firms in months taking 50k accounts to 106k balances like T Blow. He even bought this car. But, I can really only work with a couple people at a time, so I can ensure and guarantee profitability for all of my mentorship students. That's why I do have an application process to make sure you're a good fit. So, if you do want to end up applying, go ahead and click the first link down below. We'll see if you're a good fit. That's going to do it for this video. I'm going to go ahead and slide the video right here where I actually did that 25k month. It will give you a case study on kind of how I trade aggressive prop firm accounts. Not necessarily my passive accounts, but how I use this model to trade super aggressively with one account and rinse and repeat.