If you're about to give up on trading and you're about to quit, then please watch this entire video. I promise you this video can basically change your life. Now, the new year is about to start in a few days. 2026 is coming. And if you're still confused, if you don't have a trading strategy that you can follow every day, you know, and you don't have a system uh that repeats itself every day, then this video is for you. I promise you that. Now, what I'm about to teach you in this video is my one model for life or one setup for life. Whenever this setup is presented to me, I'm going to take it with my eyes closed. And it has over 75% win rate. And of course, I'm going to give you guys a lot of examples and then you can go and see yourself how well this works. Okay. So, before I even start, let's talk about the basics, okay? Because this is very important. If you miss out on the basics, you're not going to understand the strategy. So every candle right has a wick like let's say 95% of the candles right have a wick to either to the upside or to the downside right and our goal here is to catch a trade when we are in the wick phase okay so we want to catch a trade somewhere around here so we can then catch the entire move to the downside now what I'm teaching you right now is accumulation manipulation and distribution or in simple words power 03 now what exactly is power of three. It is a accumulation phase where price opens. So this is the opening of this 4hour candle. Okay. And we are only going to be trading the 4hour candle's power of three. But let's learn what is power of three. Okay. So it is a accumulation phase. Right? When the candle opens, you will see some form of consolidation. Now consolidations come in different forms. It can come like in a trend line formation or it can come like in a consolidation phase like this. Okay? But what we will see is accumulation and then we will see the manipulation which is basically a liquidity sweep or the manipulation phase is basically this wick all right that goes up right and then we have the distribution phase. So accumulation manipulation and then distribution. Now our goal is to enter somewhere around here right and cash this entire move. But the problem right now is that you do not know when the manipulation phase is going to be over. Right? How do we know that if this move was the manipulation phase or this move was the distribution phase, right? So there's a very simple system that I use and in this video I'm going to teach you each and everything. All I ask from you in return is hit that subscribe button and again I'm going to show you guys a lot of examples and that is going to clear out everything. So, first thing first, what you want to do, and for this strategy specifically, I trade the 10:00 a.m. 4hour candle. Okay, the 10 a.m. 4-hour candle. Now, this one has the highest win rate out of all candles, the 4-hour candles, right? And this is for NQ futures and gold futures. Okay, it's not for CFDs. So, as soon as the 10 a.m. candle opens, right, you want to mark out the opening price of this candle. Now the next step is that you're looking for a market structure shift below the opening price or market structure shift above the opening price. Right? So what is market structure shift? It is a fractal pattern that is like lower low, lower high, lower low and then a break of lower high. Right? So what we want we want to look for is a market structure shift. So below in this case we have a market structure shift over here. Right? So you can see if we have a lower low, lower high, lower low. And once we get the market structure shift, the first market structure shift is going to give you uh the measurement for manipulation. And the way we measure the manipulation and what I mean by this is you can actually know when the manipulation phase is going to be over. Okay. So the first market structure shift, we have to project and find out the manipulation phase and area. So what you want to do for this case is you want to go here and choose fib retracement. Then you want to use your fib from the last low that was formed to the last high that was formed before the market start to shift. So we have a lower low, lower high. This is the last high and then this is the last low, lower low. So we use it from the low to the high, the last high, right? And you want to go here and copy these settings. So I have -2 on -2.5 and -4. Okay. Now the manipulation phase is going to end most of the time at -2 and -2.5. Okay. But there is one more confirmation that you need to look for and that is the most important confirmation. Okay? Because price can simply just push up, right? But this is confluence number one. When price is around the -2 above it, so it has to be above it. Okay? one is above it and most importantly the second part which is the most important part you have to look for SMT divergence around this area. Okay, SMT is going to confirm that the manipulation phase is over and now we are going to deliver to the downside. Hence we're about to catch the expansion phase to the downside. Right now this fractal you have to look at it on the 1 minute or the 5m minute. If you look at it on the five minute right that is completely fine but sometimes when you know the there's a lot of volatility in the market I look at the one minute because the candles are big on the one minute right but sometimes if price is like a bit choppy it's not giving you big moves right in the past then you can use the five minute but what I usually do is just stick on the one minute time frame and then I look for the first market structure shift below the opening price this is the opening price the first market structure shift right also keep in mind that a market structure shift cannot form here, right? Because we have this unswept low over here. So, it has to be a proper market structure shift like you would normally look for, right? So, we have a liquidity sweep, right? Make sure it is not somewhere around here. And we have this unswept low here. Okay. So, we have um everything set up here. Price tabs into the -2.5. We look at the SMT on the 1 minute time frame. So if NQ makes a higher high, higher low and then a higher high but ES on the other hand fails to do so now that is your SMT divergence right and also NQ is coming off from -2 standard deviation it can also go somewhere around here right and it can also go at -4 it's completely fine but as soon as you see SMT around this area when price is above the -2 you can look for your entry model and that's where the entry model comes in. Now the next step is that you have to either look for a market structure shift or change in the state of delivery. Now what is the change in the state of delivery? So over here you what you want to do is look for the candle in this move that swept liquidity. Now we have this high over here. Now this part uh portion could have swept liquidity in the past over here. So you want to keep an eye on the candle or consecutive same color candles that swap liquidity. So if you had 1 2 3 4 five bullish candles that swept this high, then what I want to do is wait for price to close below all these consecutive bullish candles that swept this high. As soon as we close below that, you don't even need to look for a market structure shift in this case. What you can do is take your entry at the retest or if we close slightly below the, you know, the the the five consecutive bullish candles or whatever, you can enter right away. You don't need to look wait for a retest because sometimes price will just push down without giving you a retest entry. Or a safer approach, which I don't use by the way, is just look for a market structure shift. Okay? So, we have a low a higher high, higher low, higher high, and then a market structure shift. Price breaks the higher low. And then you can take your entry from the fair value gap or a breaker block. Right? So this right here is a breaker block that you can utilize. And that's how you catch the power of three. But for our TP level, which is very important as well, right? Because you don't want to enter somewhere around here and the move has already happened. So similarly, we first measured the manipulation phase which ended at -2 and negative 2.5. Now our goal is to do the same. So use the fib tool from the last high that was formed to the last low. Right now this is giving you projections -2, -2.5 and -4. Now around the -2 and -2.5, you want to mark out a significant low or significant sellside liquidity. Right? So let's say that there was a let's call it a a low over here, right? Let's make it like that so it's understandable for you. So let's say there was a low that was overlapping and within the -2 and -2.5 or slightly below it. Now you can target that as well. So at the retest right of the far gap you would take your entry put your stop right above the high and then you can target the negative -2 liquidity level around this area right simple as that guys you do not want to chase home runs because price can go down but this is the safest and most consistent approach to trading the power of three now again you can trade every 4 hour candle but personally for me I've seen the best results with a 10 a.m. candle, right? And that is pretty much it. Now, let me give you guys some examples and then we'll move on. All right, guys. So, here is example one. And as you can see, I have the 4hour candle being shown here. And that is an indicator that shows you the 4hour candle on the 1 minute time frame. So, go to indicators and type in HTF bar of three by 2°. Okay? And then you go here into the settings over here and you choose the time frame 4 hours. So now it is showing you the 4hour candle while it's forming. So let's go here and see what happens. So this is the 10 a.m. open, right? This is uh marked by this dotted line over here. So first thing first, we want to look for a market structure shift. So we can measure the manipulation phase, right? Because remember price has accumulation, manipulation and then distribution, right? So in this case right we have the opening price price goes down and then we have a lower low high lower low. So if we measure the the standard deviation from this low to this high over here we are getting projections at -2 and -2.5 around this area. Now when price is around this area and let me just mark this out like this so it's clear for you to see. Right? You can see that we had this high over here and that high was swept. Let me just remove this. So this high was swept on NQ. However, if you look at the same high on ES, it was never swept, right? And that is your SMT divergence. Now to confirm that SMT is in play, we have to closely look at the candle or consecutive candles that swept some form of liquidity. Right? So in this case what you can see this bullish candle this one candle over here it swept this high over here right. So if price closes below the body of this candle right not the wick but the body. So over here you can see we slightly closed below this. Now this could have been your entry right away. You could have put your stop right above the high. And for measurement what we can do for our TP level is use the fib from the last high that was formed before the market structure shift. The market shift essentially happened around this area. Right? So let's use it from the last high to the last low. Now this is the target projections that it's giving -2 and -2.5. But look to the left see which liquidity pool is being aligned with the -2 and -2.5 projections. And we have this significant low on the 1 minute. And then you can see that the TP was hit giving you 5.38 RR and this is the candle formation right now. So basically we measured the manipulation phase first and when price is in -2 and -2.5 and also a little bonus if it's inside a if it is inside a 5m minute or 15-minut farewell gap or an auto block then that is actually good. You can add that confluence as well. But this is all you need for this power through trading strategy. Price goes into negative2.5 SMT around this area change in a state of delivery and bam right there. Let's move on to the next example. All right guys, so here is another example looking at NQ once again. So you can see that we opened here, right? And what we want to do is first look for the manipulation phase, right? So let's just go to the 1 minute time frame. We have to measure the manipulation phase, right? So this is when the market opened, right? So this is when sorry the 10 a.m. candle opened. So where do we have a market structure shift? We don't have a market structure shift right at this point of time. But you can see that when we have something like this where we have this right and then this right price is way far above the market structure shift level. What you can do in some cases is just look at this. So we have a lower low, lower high, lower low. So breakoff structure instead of using the the the the normal market structure shift which would look like this. If it is way far below, right, you can use from the last high to the last low like this. It is completely acceptable. So over here you can see that we opened here, right? And let's just measure this. So from this high to this low over here. So you can see we have a high. So we had a lower low, lower high, and then a lower low. Right? So the market structure shift leg is around this area. And you're not going to get a manipulation that big in a single candle. So a logical way to do that is just use it from the lower low, lower high, and then a lower low. So you can see that price is now inside the -2 and -2.5 right on the 1 minute. So let's just go and check if we have any form of SMT divergence around this area. So going in here we have the price where guys look we have it over here right now look very closely. Notice this low over here. Now this low wasn't swept this low wasn't swept on NQ but the same low on the one minute was swept on ES. Now that is your SMT divergence guys. That is literally your SMT divergence. Now what you can do is look for a market structure shift or change in a state of delivery. So if price closed around this area right this is the candle and or you could have waited for a market structure shift in this case like right now you could have taken a long entry right away because it is very close to the entry level. You would put your stop below this low and we are coming off from negative -2 level. That is perfectly fine. Now let's use the standard deviation projection from this low to this high and it is projecting this liquidity level right and you can just target this because it is aligning with this -2.5 projection and bam right there 1 to2 riskreward trade in no time. And this is how the candle would look like if I go here. This is how it will look like on the 4our time frame. Right? So we have the open here. We manipulated to the downside. And again guys, if there is a PD array, right? So over here you can see is that we opened here and we had this auto 5m minute auto block around this area, right? That is your extra confluence that you can use with the power of three strategy. And I recommend you do that because if I know a lot of people have skipped the video already, but this is the sauce that I'm giving you right now. Try to implement five minute or 50-minute PD race. Now, let's move on to the next example. All right, guys. So, here's the last example. I want to drop a little bit more sauce in this last example and those who have left the video already, they're going to miss out on this. So, this is the 10 a.m. open, right? And first of all, we want to wait for price to either go above or below. So we went below the opening price. We didn't have a market structure shift. But then we are coming from above the opening price, right? So price goes up and then we have a market structure shift. Now here's the key part that I'm about to teach you right now. So look at this candle over here. The wick of this candle is just too large, right? And you don't want to put it here. Sometimes what I like to do is just put it at the body over here. If there's a very less distance like this from the body and the wick, but the wick is too big, if that makes sense, then I'm going to put it here just to be on the safe side so I don't miss out like the precision. Right? So right here you can see we have -2 and -2.5 being projected around this area. Now when you look at it on the 1 minute, we don't have an SMT divergence. Right? But if I go onto the fivem minute time frame, if you look at it, this low, this significant low over here on the five minute, you can see that NQ swept this 5m minute low, but ES didn't sweep that low out. So now what you can do is look for change in the state of delivery on the 5minut time frame or you can be a bit aggressive and go into the 1 minute and then look for a market structure shift or CISD. So over here we have this bearish candle that is CISD over here and we probably here around this area and then you can put your stop below this low and let's measure the TP level from this last low to the last high and negative -2 it is in alignment with this high over here. So you could have targeted this high over here and as you can see price then reversed. You don't have to catch the entire product three move. All you're doing is following this simple strategy and you can sculp out insane profits. Guys, that is going to be it. Thank you for watching and hit that like button, hit the subscribe button. I'll see you guys in the next video and happy new year. It's coming very soon.