Every single 4-hour candle has a trade buried inside of it on the 15-minute time frame. Now, I'm going to be breaking down the exact same strategy that's helped me achieve hundreds of thousands of dollars in payouts that not only has gotten me hundreds of thousands in payout, but has also a statistically proven 88% plus win rate. Now, by the end of this video, you'll be able to have a profitable trading strategy that shows up at the same time every single day, identify precise trading entries, and trade with the system with confidence knowing that has data proven statistics. Now, we're going to start talking about the anatomy of a candlestick in order to fully understand the concept and the strategy that we're going to talk about in just a little bit. Now, this is the one concept that every single trader must know and truly understand. The anatomy of a bullish candlestick, where the market has an opening price, the [music] market has a low that forms, pushes up, and we end up closing above whatever we opened at. This constitute a candle that is bullish, meaning that the open that the closing price is higher than the opening price. Now, inversely on a bearish candle, we have an opening price, the market creates some sort of high, the market then creates a low, and then we have a closing price. So, this is showing that price has closed lower than the opening price. This will be a bearish candle. Now, we need to understand something called the PO3 concept, where whenever we can anticipate a candle that is bullish, we can then understand that anything that the market moves below the opening price can be a potential buying opportunity. Because we are going to anticipate this candle pushing up and creating some sort of bullish candle. Inversely on a bearish candlestick, we're going to look for the market to have a push up above the opening, and if we can anticipate an opportunity for us to look for sales in this scenario, we are going to give ourselves a great opportunity to identify a potential trade setup with the proper variables, which is something I'm going to talk about within the strategy that we're going to use for this system. Now, we have to understand when it comes to candlesticks, there's going to be different time frames, and for the sake of this video, we're going to focus on the 4-hour time frame as we talked about in the beginning. Now, we need to understand that there's going to be three times that the candles open, and this is going to be for the futures charts. If you're on FX, you do it 1 hour prior. Now, we're going to have a 6:00 a.m. 4-hour candle, we're going to have a 10:00 a.m. 4-hour candle, and this we're going to have a 2:00 p.m. 4-hour bar. And again, this is going to be for bullish or bearish, however, the candle is going to open. When we understand these time windows, this gives us a very set time where we have our trading hours where we can come into the marketplace and see, can I anticipate the next 4-hour candle? Because if you're an intraday trader, all you need is one single candle every single day that you can anticipate that you will be able to make money every single day. Now that we understand this, this gives us three opportunities. So, this is going to be pre-New York, this is going to be the AM session, and this is going to be the PM session. So, you have three times every single day at the same exact times that you can look for trade opportunities. Now, as I said, understanding this allows us to look for the same setup at the same time every single day, which can then allow us to stop overtrading and be confident of knowing what we're looking for at exactly when we're looking for that setup. Now, during these times, you will want to look for two different candle formations. Now, there is a third one that I'm going to talk about in a later video, so make sure to subscribe to the channel because I'm going to be covering another setup in a separate video. Now, candlestick setup number one, we're going to look ideally for the engulfing bar play. This is one of my favorite setups that I like to use every single day. A bullish engulfing is going to be when price sweeps the prior bar's low, and we close above the prior bar's opening price. The candle does not have to close above the high. I get this question asked often. It just needs to close above the opening price. For a bearish engulfing, it's the same thing, but in reverse. We have the price that sweeps the prior bar high, and then we close below the prior bar's opening price. This is going to be our bearish engulfing. Now, candlestick setup number two, we're going to use something called the pin bar. A pin bar candlestick setup is going to be very similar to the engulfing with very minor differences. The bullish pin bar candle is going to be a candle that takes out the prior candle bar's low, and we have a push back and close within the prior candle's range. Now, this one is going to have something that's very important where we're going to have to have an opposing fair value gap to the upside. Now, if you are familiar with fair value gaps, don't worry, we're going to talk about it right as we get into the examples. Inversely, a bearish pin bar is going to be a candle that takes out the prior bar's high, we close inside the prior bar's range, and then we have an opposing fair value gap to the downside. This is all that we're going to need in order for this to be a bullish and bearish pin bar. Now that we understand these two candlestick formations, and we understand what time windows we're going to be looking in, how do we trade these candlestick setups that have massive edge? Well, we're going to revisit this concept of the PO3 in just a bit, but just to again rehash it, what we're looking for is we're looking to buy the anything below the opening price for a bullish candle. And if we anticipate the market to be bearish, we're looking for the market to have a push up above the open, and then we're going to look for those sell positions. Now, let's go back into the engulfing bar play. For an engulfing bar, again, we have the market that takes out the prior bar low, and we have a close above the opening price. Now, what is the edge in this? As you guys have seen at the beginning of the video, there is an 80% statistic. Now, what exactly is that 80% statistic? We know that the next candle or the next few candles are going to have a high probability of the market taking out this swing high. This gives us a very strong, clear D O L that we can use in order to identify possible trading scenarios. Now, we're going to use the concept of the PO3 to anticipate that next candle. So, whenever we have the market opening up, we're going to look for the market to trade lower and then push higher into this high, and then maybe a potential target above. So, here's how it looks. We're going to identify our EBP range. So, we're going to take something called a Fibonacci tool, which I'm going to show you guys in the examples in the later vid later in the video, and we're going to essentially draw out the candle's range where we have 25%, 50%, and 75% of this overall range. We are then going to look for the next candle to open, and we're going to anticipate that potential bottom wick of the next candle because what we're doing is we're trying to anticipate the low of a potential bullish candle because we know with over 80% accuracy that we're going to have a push above this candle bar's high. We are then going to again look for something like this where the market comes down into 25, into the 50%. This is going to be our potential buy range, and we're going to look for the market to take out this high and then flip bullish as we you see. So, again, when the candle is dropping lower, it's looking bearish, and as the candlestick starts to form, this becomes a wick, which is the low of a potential bullish candle. Now, similarly with the pin bar, we are going to be doing the exact same concept. We're going to identify our PB range, which is going to be our pin bar range, which is the swing low to swing high. We are then going to anticipate the market to open up and have a push lower into 25 and the 50%. And then we're going to look for the market to potentially create that bottom wick where the market pushes up and then start to expand higher and ends up being a bullish candle. Now, remember, for the pin bar range, we ideally want a fair value gap that's going to be present in there. And to be honest, even with the EBP range, the we want to have a clear target that we're looking for. And we're going to talk about all this and the clear variables as we go through our backtested examples. Now, if you guys want to see this in real time, I have a free community on Telegram, 100% free. The link will be in the description below if you guys want to join that, where I break down the markets every single [music] week, 100% for free. And also, if you guys want to see the trades that I take, trade recaps, and also more advanced concepts, make sure to check out my secondary YouTube channel where I upload a lot more frequently on there, and I cover some of the trades that I take as well as potential opportunities throughout the week as well. And breaking down the same concepts I talk on this YouTube channel throughout the week. Now, if you guys are trading with prop firms, and you want the best prop firm discount, use code train with the two firms that I use. The link will be in the description below where you can get up to 90% off of your challenge. Never pay full price for a prop firm challenge when you can use code train on the prop firms listed in the description below. Now, let's go ahead and let's look at some few live examples. Now, before we get into the examples and show you guys exactly how to get those precise entries using this concept, I want to ask you a quick question. If you knew exactly when your trading setup occurred, would that help you with your execution? Now, most traders struggle with overtrading because they don't really have set trading hours. Most people treat trading like it's a hobby, but the reality is you have to treat it like a business. You would not start a business without a very specific business plan on how you're going to operate the business, and it's the same exact thing with trading. You need to understand what are your trading hours going to be. The less screen time you have, the less burnout you have, and the better your execution will be. But, understand that [music] if you have very specific time windows, your execution will improve drastically. And not only that, would you also have confidence in your system and allow the execution to play out if you knew you had a statistical edge? Well, with which this system, you're going to have exactly that. Now, let's go ahead and let's break down exactly how we're going to execute on this trade setup. Now, we're going to start off talking about the engulfing bar play first. So, here we have our candle from 6:00 to 10:00. So, if we show up before the New York open, we can look for this around 10:00 a.m. opening price. And that's going to be the ideal thing that we want to do if we're trading the New York session. If you're trading the market open, ideally you let the few first minutes pass and around 9:45 show up to the charts. And then we can see do we have a pin bar candle? Do we have an EBP candle? And do we have it ideally with some sort of variables and con? Now, here we have our engulfing bar from 6:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. So, now we can do draw our Fibonacci settings. So, the fib net settings are going to be here. Fib retracements and here are going to be the settings as we talked about. We're going to look for the 0.5, 0.25, 0.75 and the one. This is going to be where we're looking for the market to potentially retrace into on the next candle's open. So, when we have that next candle's open, which is going to as we're going to see right here, we're then anticipating the market to push up into this area. Now, where can you put your stop loss? Ideally, the entry the best entry's going to be around the 50%. Stop loss is going to be just around just above the 0.75 is like how I like to do it. And then we're going to go for a fixed 2:1 risk to reward. So, let's see if we can get our fill on this setup and let's see how this trade ends up playing out. So, again, just like the illustration, the market is going to have a push up above the opening price. We still have the low of the candle, which we know statistically speaking has an 80% chance of getting hit. And we're going to see a move right there. However, we'll see if we can get that fill. We get the fill right there on that push up to the 50%. And let's see if we can get our fixed 2:1 risk to reward. Which the market hits our TP right on that candle. Now, just for the argument's sake, let's see how this candle ends up closing. All right. And the candle ends up closing as a bearish candle. And this is exactly what I want you guys to see. How we have the opening price at 10:00 a.m. The market rallies into a potential resistance. And then we have the expansion move lower. Now, we can find a better entry using the 15-minute time frame. However, I'm going to make a separate video on entry time frames because I want you guys to first understand this overall concept of what we're trying to do here. So, this is going to be method one. Make sure to subscribe because I'm going to be releasing method two sometime this week on how we can use the M15 for a better risk to reward. That will have its own separate video in time. Now, let's go ahead and let's look at our second example. Now, here we're going to look at a bullish example. So, here we have the market taking out the prior bar's low. We end up closing above the prior bar's opening price. So, now we can then anticipate this candle bar's low and high, draw out that range, and anticipate the next candle to be bullish. All right. And now this candle is going to be This is pretty much the 2:00 to 6:00 a.m. candle. So, now if you're someone who maybe works a 9:00 to 5:00 job and maybe you only have time to trade the pre-New York open session, you're going to focus on the 6:00 a.m. candle. So, the next 6:00 a.m. candle that opens up, if we can anticipate bullish price action as in this example, we're going to look for the candle to open, to drop down into this potential support, and then we have a push higher. So, let's go ahead and let's play this out. So, here again we're seeing the candle start to drop down and dip down into the 25% and the 50% buy range. All right. And for the sake of this example, we're going to put the buy entry around the 25% and the 50%. We're going to pull our stop loss below the 75% and we're going to go for a fixed 2:1 risk to reward. Now, again, you can put your buy limit either at the 50% or in between the 25% and the 50%. The reality is this, your stop loss will have to go below this candle bar's low or below the 75% by a few points. That's essentially the only rule that's going to be stagnant. If you want an early entry, you can always do that as well. And you just target a fixed 2:1 risk to reward in this example. So, let's go ahead and see how this one ultimately plays out. See, and that's what we're trying to do. We're trying to anticipate where the candle looks bearish, buying into a support level, and then looking for that next move higher. So, let's see if we can get that fixed 2:1 risk to reward. And just like that, without going down to lower time frame, we got our 2:1 risk to reward. And the market ends up expanding higher. And just like the illustration, this is exactly what we're trying to do. We are trying to position ourselves into this bottom wick. So, those were the EBP examples. Let's go ahead and let's look at the pin bar example. Here we have our pin bar example for the first one. Here we have a bearish pin because we have the market taking out this prior bar's high and we have a closure inside the prior bar's range. Now, again, the only difference realistically is that the EBP doesn't usually close below the opening price, but with context, this is also a valid potential short setup. Now, what was one of the criteria that we were looking for? Ideally, we have some sort of fair value gap below the market that we can look to target. And this is why this one is a valid pin bar. We again, we take out the prior bar high, the market closes inside the prior bar's range, and we have a clear objective to the downside. Now, again, a fair value gap or a bullish fair value gap, we have this candle here. We have candle bar two and we have candle bar three. The space in between candle bar one's high and candle bar three's low, where the market has never traded into, is going to be what is known as our fair value gap. That's going to be a potential like magnet on price where we can anticipate the market typically to go down into. So, same exact concept, we're going to take our fib tool. We're going to draw this out. And then we're going to look for the market to have an open, push up into the our sell zone, 25% So, again, I'll just keep it simple. Put it like just around in between those areas. Stop loss just above the 0.75. And we're going to look to target this fair value gap. Now, this is a 1.33 risk to reward in this example. If you want to go for a fixed 2:1 risk to reward, that's no problem. But just understand when you have a support level like this, you you want to be cautious because sometimes the market might come down in here and then push up. However, let's see if we can get that 2:1 risk to reward. So, again, same concept. We're going to look for that candle's opening price to push up into here and see if we can get that fill. So far, okay, we just got the fill right there. Our stop loss is set just above a few points above the 0.75. So, let's see if we can get that next candle drop lower. Okay, beautiful. Right there is going to be that fair value gap target. So, if you took a TP over there, that would have been fine. But we're going to hold off to see if we can get that 2:1 risk to reward, which it just got filled on right there. And right there we have our 2:1 risk to reward. So, let's go ahead and let's look at our final example on the pin bar setup. Here we have a bullish example of a pin bar, where the market has a sweep below the prior bar's low, and we have a closure inside the body of this overall candle. Now, we don't have a fair value gap, but we do have something above here, which is something known as a volume imbalance. Notice how there was no candle closures in terms of the body inside this region. It serves as the same purpose of a fair value gap, where this can be a potential magnet on price. So, again, very simple rules. We have our pin bar, where the prior bar sweeps the low. We have a closure inside the body of this candle's range. So, now we're going to draw our Fibonacci as well, and we're going to set a buy limit in between the 25% Again, stop loss is going to be a few points below the 75%. Now, we're going to go ahead and target a 2:1, which in this example, the 2:1 is actually before this area in here. So, if you are someone who wants to potentially hold for a higher risk to reward, if you understand more variables and market context, you're more than able to do so. So, let's go ahead and let's see if we can get that fill. And again, guys, the whole concept of this is I want to show you guys all we're doing is the opening price of the next candle on the bullish side, we're just trying to anticipate the a potential bottom wick. So, right here we get our fill. Let's see if we can get that expansion move higher. And if we can get our 2:1 risk to reward. And right there is exactly what we're looking for. The market pushes up into this area. And right there our TP gets hit and even further once goes almost to a 3:1 risk to reward to our overall objective. And again, what I want you guys to focus on is this. Look at how when the candle is forming, we have the opening price, the market is looking bearish, exactly like our illustration that we showed. And then what we have is the market forming the low of a potential bullish candle. This is exactly what we're trying to do as day traders using the 4-hour concept. Now, this concept can be used on any time frame. You can use it on the weekly if you want to have a weekly bias. You can use it on the daily if you want to have a daily bias. You can use this concept on any time frame, even the lower time frame such as the hourly. Now, in the next video, we're going to be talking about how we can use the 15-minute and the 5-minute in conjunction with this in order to get even more precise entries where you can get into that 5:1, 6:1, 10:1 risk to reward. So, if you're not, make sure you're subscribed cuz you don't want to miss these videos. And if you have any questions, as always, leave them in the comments section below.